in paragraph 1 shall, for excise duty purposes, be considered as two cigarettes where, excluding filter or mouthpiece, it is longer than 9 cm but not longer than 18 cm, as three cigarettes where, excluding filter or mouthpiece, it is longer than 18 cm but not longer than 27 cm, and so on.
Article 4
The following shall be deemed to be smoking tobacco: 1. tobacco which has been cut or otherwise split, twisted or pressed into blocks and is capable of being smoked without further industrial processing;
2. tobacco refuse put up for retail sale which does not fall under Articles 2 and 3 and which can be smoked.
Article 5
Tobacco in the form of rolls sticks, strips, cubes or blocks, which is put up for retail sale and specially prepared to be chewed but not smoked, shall be deemed to be chewing tobacco.
Article 6
Tobacco in powder or grain from which is specially prepared to be taken as snuff but not smoked, shall be deemed to be snuff.
Article 7
1. Products consisting in whole or in part of substances other than tobacco but otherwise conforming to the criteria in Article 2 shall be treated as cigars and cigarillos provided they have respectively: - a wrapper of natural tobacco,
- a wrapper and binder of tobacco, both of reconstituted tobacco,
- a wrapper of reconstituted tobacco.
2. Products consisting in whole or in part of substances other than tobacco but otherwise conforming to the criteria of Article 3 or 4 shall be treated as cigarettes and smoking tobacco.
Notwithstanding the first subparagraph, products containing no tobacco and used exclusively for medical purposes shall not be treated as manufactured tobacco.
3. Products consisting in part of substances other than tobacco but otherwise conforming to the criteria of Articles 5 or 6 shall be treated as chewing tobacco or snuff as the case may be.
Article 8
1. Notwithstanding Article 2, the Federal Republic of Germany shall be authorized to treat in the same way as cigars, rolls of tobacco without a binder, the outer wrapping of which is fitted in spiral form at an angle of less than 30ยบ to the longitudinal axis, but which otherwise meet the requirements referred to in Article 2 (3) and rolls of tobacco the circumference of which is not less than 34 mm over at least one third of their length but which otherwise meet the requirements referred to in Article 2 (4).
2. Notwithstanding Article 2 (3), Denmark shall be authorized to treat rolls of tobacco as cigars if at least 60 % by weight of the tobacco particles are both wider and longer than 1 719 mm but not wider and longer than 1 775 mm, but which otherwise meet the requirements of Article 2 (3).
3. Notwithstanding Article 3 (2), Denmark shall be authorized to treat a cigarette not longer than 10 cm, excluding filter or mouthpiece, as a single cigarette.
4. On expiry of the second stage of the harmonization of the structures of excise duty on manufactured tobacco defined by Directive 77/805/EEC, and at the latest by 31 December 1981, the Member States referred to in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 shall abolish the derogations provided for in these paragraphs.
Article 9
1. The Member States shall bring into force the laws, regulations or administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive not later than 1 January 1980. They shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof.
2. Denmark shall not be obliged to apply the provisions of this Directive to Greenland.
3. Member States shall communicate to the Commission the texts of the main