ly 1 500 tonnes of boneless beef held by the French intervention agency,
- approximately 1 500 tonnes of boneless beef held by the United Kingdom intervention agency,
- approximately 230 tonnes of boneless beef held by the Spanish intervention agency.
Detailed information concerning the boneless beef is given in Annex I.
2. Subject to the provisions of this Regulation the products referred to in paragraph 1 shall be sold in accordance with Regulations (EEC) No 2173/79, in particular Articles 6 to 12 thereof, (EEC) No 2182/77 and (EEC) No 3002/92.
Article 2
1. The deadlines for submitting tenders, which must be made out in ecus, shall be 12 noon on 24 June 1997.
The intervention agencies concerned shall draw up a notice of invitation to tender which shall include the following:
(a) the quantities of beef offered for sale; and
(b) the deadline and place for submitting tenders.
2. For forequarters and for each product mentioned in Annex I the intervention agencies concerned shall sell first the meat which has been stored the longest.
3. Notwithstanding Articles 6 and 7 of Regulation (EEC) No 2173/79, the provisions of and the Annexes to this Regulation shall serve as a general notice of invitation to tender.
4. Interested parties may obtain the details of the quantities available and the places where the products are stored from the addresses listed in Annex II to this Regulation. The intervention agencies will, moreover, display the notice referred to in paragraph 1 at their head office and may also publish them elsewhere.
5. By way of derogation from Article 8 (1) of Regulation (EEC) No 2173/79 a tender must be submitted to the intervention agency concerned in a closed envelope, bearing the reference to the Regulation concerned. The closed envelope must not be opened by the intervention agency before the expiry of the tender deadline referred to in paragraph 1.
6. By way of derogation from Article 8 (2) (b) of Regulation (EEC) No 2173/79, tenders shall not indicate in which cold store or stores the products are held.
Article 3
1. Member States shall provide information on the offers received to the Commission at the latest on the day following the deadline for submitting tenders.
2. After the offers received have been examined a minimum selling price shall be fixed for each product or the sale will not be proceeded with.
Article 4
1. A tender shall be valid only if presented by a natural or legal person who, for at least 12 months, has been engaged in the processing of products containing pork and who is entered in a national VAT register.
2. Notwithstanding Article 3 (1) and (2) of Regulation (EEC) No 2182/77, the tender must be accompanied by:
- a written undertaking by the applicant to process the meat purchased into products specified in Article 5 within the period referred to in Article 5 (1) of Regulation (EEC) No 2182/77,
- a precise indication of the establishment or establishments where the purchased meat will be processed.
3. The applicants referred to in paragraph 1 may in writing instruct an agent to take delivery, on their behalf, of the products which they purchase. In this case the agent shall submit the tenders of the purchasers whom he represents together with the written instruction referred to above.
4. The purchasers and agents referred to in the foregoing paragraphs shall maintain and keep up to date an accounting system which permits the destination and use of the products to be ascertained with a view particularly