tates that such aid may be deemed compatible with the common market if it complies with the terms laid down for that purpose by OECD Working Party 6 in its Agreement concerning the interpretation of Articles 6 to 8 of the OECD Understanding on export credits for ships. The Commission must verify the particular development content of the proposed aid and satisfy itself that it falls within the scope of the OECD Understanding on export credits and that the offer of development assistance is open to bids from different yards.
(8) On the basis of the information available to the Commission, it concluded that the projects complied with the OECD criteria.
(9) However, the Commission doubted whether the development assistance was open to bids from different yards and could not therefore rule out the possibility that it constituted operating aid for Damen.
III. Comments from the Netherlands
(10) The Dutch authorities provided new information of which they were not aware at the time of the various meetings held before the procedure was initiated.
(11) They explained that the authorities in Djibouti had asked two other Dutch shipyards to submit bids, but that this request was not taken up. It also emerges from various letters that other Dutch shipyards were aware of the transaction.
(12) In addition, the Dutch authorities referred once again to their role in the new procedure for ensuring that invitations to tender in the field of development assistance receive significant publicity in future. Thanks to this procedure, all Dutch shipyards will be better informed about specific projects for which a Dutch shipyard has submitted an application for development assistance; this information will be disseminated by the Dutch shipbuilding association (Vereniging Nederlandse Scheepsbouw Industrie, hereinafter referred to as VNSI), to which virtually all Dutch shipyards belong, as soon as a shipyard has submitted an application to the authorities. VNSI will provide its members with all the important information on the transaction (contract amount, type of vessel and customer). In this way, virtually the entire Dutch shipbuilding sector will be informed.
IV. Assessment of the aid
(13) As explained in the decision to initiate the Article 88(2) procedure, the aid for the contract must be tested against the provisions of Article 3(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1540/98, which lays down new rules on development assistance for shipbuilding.
(14) That Article states that such aid may be deemed compatible with the common market if it complies with the terms laid down for that purpose by OECD Working Party 6 in its Agreement concerning the interpretation of Articles 6 to 8 of the OECD Understanding on export credits for ships. The Commission must verify the particular development content of the proposed aid and satisfy itself that it falls within the scope of the OECD Understanding and that the offer of development assistance is open to bids from different yards.
(15) As was also stated in the decision to introduce the procedure, the Commission had already noted that the OECD criteria with which the Member States must comply, as described by the Commission in its letter SG(89) D/311 of 3 January 1989, amended by letter SG(97) D4645 of 10 June 1997, had been fulfilled.
(16) As regards whether the offer of development assistance was open to bids from different yards, the Commission would point out that these are new provisions which have been incorporated into Regulation (