iteria with which the Member States must comply, as described by the Commission in its letter SG(89) D/311 of 3 January 1989, amended by letter SG(97) D4645 of 10 June 1997, had been fulfilled.
(16) As regards whether the offer of development assistance was open to bids from different yards, the Commission would point out that these are new provisions which have been incorporated into Regulation (EC) No 1540/98. In addition, they do not indicate how the Commission should check whether this criterion is met; it can therefore be interpreted in a number of ways. The Commission considers that the criterion should be strictly applied and that the offer of assistance should have been open to bids from other shipyards.
(17) In the decision to initiate the procedure the Commission took the view that, in the light of the information provided by the Dutch authorities and the fact that the shipyard and the Djibouti authorities had negotiated the contract before the new procedure entered into force, there were no grounds whatsoever for concluding that the contract had been given sufficient publicity in compliance with the principle of open tendering.
(18) The Dutch authorities have since provided information in addition to the comments submitted in the course of the procedure, namely that the authorities in Djibouti asked two other Dutch shipyards to submit a bid for the order in question, but that neither shipyard did so.
(19) The Commission notes that originally the invitation to tender was not confined to Damen alone, given that other shipyards were given the opportunity to submit a bid.
(20) In addition, following notification of the decision to initiate the procedure, information on the contract was widely disseminated between all potential interested parties.
(21) Although the way in which the contract was concluded does not quite fit the best interpretation of open tendering, the Commission is prepared to accept that the procedure followed has been in use for many years and that the Dutch authorities were not fully aware of the scope of Article 3(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1540/98, a position borne out by the Dutch authorities' firm intention to review their procedure in future cases. Accordingly, the Commission would emphasise that the new procedure alone should be followed in all future cases so as to comply with the conditions for open tendering as described in Article 3(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1540/98.
V. Conclusion
(22) In the light of the above, the doubts underlying the Commission's decision to initiate the Article 88(2) procedure have been resolved. It can therefore be concluded that the project complies with the conditions laid down in Article 3(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1540/98 and that it is therefore compatible with the common market,
HAS ADOPTED THIS DECISION:
Article 1
The aid with an intensity of 25 % which the Netherlands intends to grant to the Republic of Djibouti in the form of development assistance for the purchase of a dredger from the Damen Shipyards is compatible with the common market.
Implementation of the aid is accordingly authorised.
Article 2
This Decision is addressed to the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Done at Brussels, 19 September 2001.