s specified in § 415.364(b).
            
            
              § 415.367
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology (BCT).
              (a) Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32 any existing point source subject to this subpart and producing copper sulfate, copper chloride, copper iodide, or copper nitrate must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology (BCT): The limitations are the same for TSS and pH as specified in § 415.362(a).
              (b) Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32 any existing point source subject to this subpart and producing copper carbonate must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology (BCT): The limitations are the same for TSS and pH as specified in § 415.362(b).
            
          
          
            Subpart AK—Cuprous Oxide Production Subcategory [Reserved]
          
          
            Subpart AL—Ferric Chloride Production Subcategory
            
              § 415.380
              Applicability; description of the ferric chloride production subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges and to the introduction of pollutants into treatment works which are publicly owned resulting from the production of ferric chloride from pickle liquor.
            
            
              § 415.381
              Specialized definitions.
              (a) Except as provided below, the general definitions, abbreviations and methods of analysis set forth in 40 CFR part 401 shall apply to this subpart.
              (b) The term process wastewater means any water which, during manufacturing or processing, comes into direct contact with or results from the production or use of any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product, or waste product. The term “process wastewater” does not include contaminated nonprocess wastewater, as defined below.
              (c) The term process wastewater pollutants means pollutants present in process wastewater.
              (d) The term contaminated nonprocess wastewater shall mean any water which, during manufacturing or processing, comes into incidental contact with any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product or waste product by means of (1) rainfall runoff; (2) accidental spills; (3) accidental leaks caused by the failure of process equipment, which are repaired within the shortest reasonable time not to exceed 24 hours after discovery; and (4) discharges from safety showers and related personal safety equipment: Provided, that all reasonable measures have been taken (i) to prevent, reduce and control such contact to the maximum extent feasible; and (ii) to mitigate the effects of such contact once it has occurred.
            
            
              § 415.382
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart