production or use of any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product, or waste product. The term “process wastewater” does not include contaminated nonprocess wastewater, as defined below.
              (d) The term process wastewater pollutants means pollutants present in process wastewater.
              (e) The term contaminated nonprocess wastewater shall mean any water which, during manufacturing or processing, comes into incidental contact with any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product or waste product by means of (1) rainfall runoff; (2) accidental spills; (3) accidental leaks caused by the failure of process equipment, which are repaired within the shortest reasonable time not to exceed 24 hours after discovery; and (4) discharges from safety showers and related personal safety equipment: Provided, that all reasonable measures have been taken (i) to prevent, reduce and control such contact to the maximum extent feasible; and (ii) to mitigate the effects of such contact once it has occurred.
            
            
              
              § 415.242
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              (a) Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart and reacting anhydrous ammonia with hydrogen chloride gas must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
              (b) Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart and using the recovery process from Solvay process wastes must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT):
              
                Subpart X—Ammonium Chloride Solvay Process
                
                  Pollutant or pollutant property
                  BPT limitations
                  Maximum for any 1 day
                  Average of daily values for 30 consecutive days
                
                
                  
                  Kg/kkg (or pounds per 1,000 lb) of product
                
                
                  Ammonia (as N)
                  8.8
                  4.4
                
                
                  pH
                  (1)
                  (1)
                
                
                  1 Within the range 6.0 to 9.0.
              
            
          
          
            Subpart Y—Ammonium Hydroxide Production Subcategory [Reserved]
          
          
            Subpart Z—Barium Carbonate Production Subcategory [Reserved]
          
          
            Subpart AA—Borax Production Subcategory
            
              § 415.270
              Applicability; description of the borax production subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges resulting from the production of borax by the ore-mining process and by the Trona process.
            
            
              § 415.271
              Specialized definitions. [Res