st reasonable time schedule for the completion of tasks needed to implement a POTW Pretreatment Program. The final compliance date in these schedules shall be no later than July 1, 1983;
            (iv) Sample and analyze:
            (A) Influent and effluent of the POTW to identify, independent of information supplied by the POTW, compliance or noncompliance with pollutant removal levels set forth in the POTW permit (see § 403.7); and
            (B) The contents of sludge from the POTW and methods of sludge disposal and use to identify, independent of information supplied by the POTW, compliance or noncompliance with requirements applicable to the selected method of sludge management;
            (v) Investigate evidence of violations of pretreatment conditions set forth in the POTW Permit by taking samples and acquiring other information as needed. This data acquisition shall be performed with sufficient care as to produce evidence admissible in an enforcement proceeding or in court;
            (vi) Review and approve requests for approval of POTW Pretreatment Programs and authority to modify categorical Pretreatment Standards submitted by a POTW to the Director; and
            (vii) Consider requests for Fundamentally Different Factors variances submitted by Industrial Users in accordance with the criteria and procedures set forth in § 403.13.
            (viii) Regularly notify all Control Authorities of electronic submission requirements of 40 CFR part 127.
            (3) Funding. The Director shall assure that funding and qualified personnel are available to carry out the authorities and procedures described in paragraphs (f)(1) and (2) of this section.
            (g) Content of State Pretreatment Program submission. The request for State Pretreatment Program approval will consist of:
            (1)(i) A statement from the State Attorney General (or the Attorney for those State agencies which have independent legal counsel) that the laws of the State provide adequate authority to implement the requirements of this part. The authorities cited by the Attorney General in this statement shall be in the form of lawfully adopted State statutes or regulations which shall be effective by the time of approval of the State Pretreatment Program; and
            (ii) Copies of all State statutes and regulations cited in the above statement;
            (iii) States with approved Pretreatment Programs shall establish Pretreatment regulations by November 16, 1989, unless the State would be required to enact or amend statutory provision, in which case, such regulations must be established by November 16, 1990.
            (2) A description of the funding levels and full- and part-time personnel available to implement the program; and
            (3) Any modifications or additions to the Memorandum of Agreement (required by 40 CFR 123.24) which may be necessary for EPA and the State to implement the requirements of this part.
            (h) EPA Action. Any approved NPDES State requesting State Pretreatment Program approval shall submit to the Regional Administrator three copies of the Submission described in paragraph (g) of this section. Upon a preliminary determination that the Submission meets the requirements of paragraph (g) the Regional Administrator shall:
            (1) Notify the Director that the Submission has been received and is under review; and
            (2) Commence the program revision process set out in 40 CFR 123.62