en to prevent, reduce, eliminate and control to the maximum extent feasible such contact and provided further that all reasonable measures have been taken that will mitigate the effects of such contact once it has occurred.
              (d) The term ten-year 24-hour rainfall event shall mean the maximum precipitation event with a probable recurrence interval of once in 10 years as defined by the National Weather Service in technical paper no. 40, “Rainfall Frequency Atlas of the United States,” May 1961, and subsequent amendments or equivalent regional or State rainfall probability information developed therefrom.
              (e) The term 25-year 24-hour rainfall event shall mean the maximum precipitation event with a probable recurrence interval of once in 25 years as defined by the National Weather Service in technical paper no. 40, “Rainfall Frequency Atlas of the United States,” May, 1961, and subsequent amendments or equivalent regional or State rainfall probability information developed therefrom.
            
            
              § 422.42
              Effluent limitations and guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available.
              (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of this section, the following limitations establish the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties, controlled by this section, which may be discharged by a point source subject to the provisions of this subpart after application of the best practicable control technology currently available: There shall be no discharge of process waste water pollutants to navigable waters.
              (b) Process waste water pollutants from a cooling water recirculation system designed, constructed and operated to maintain a surge capacity equal to the runoff from the 10-year, 24-hour rainfall event may be discharged, after treatment to the standards set forth in paragraph (c) of this section, whenever chronic or catastrophic precipitation events cause the water level in the pond to rise into the surge capacity. Process waste water must be treated and discharged whenever the water level equals or exceeds the mid point of the surge capacity.
              (c) The concentration of pollutants discharged in process waste water pursuant to the limitations of paragraph (b) of this section shall not exceed the values listed in the following table:
              
                [Milligrams per liter]
                
                  Effluent characteristic
                  Effluent limitations
                  Maximum for any 1 day
                  Average of daily values for 30 consecutive days shall not exceed—
                
                
                  Total phosphorus (as P)
                  105
                  35
                
                
                  Fluoride (as F)
                  75
                  25
                
                
                  TSS
                  150
                  50
                
                
                  pH
                  (1)
                  (1)
                
                
                  1 Within the range 6.0 to 9.5.
              
              The total suspended solid limitation set forth in this paragraph shall be waived for process wastewater from a calcium sulfate storage pile runoff facility, operated separately or in combi