and each person who has requested individual notice. This notification shall include suggested modifications and the Approval Authority may allow the requestor additional time to bring the Submission into compliance with applicable requirements.
            (d) EPA objection to Director's decision. No POTW pretreatment program or authorization to grant removal allowances shall be approved by the Director if following the 30 day (or extended) evaluation period provided for in paragraph (b)(1)(ii) of this section and any hearing held pursuant to paragraph (b)(2) of this section the Regional Administrator sets forth in writing objections to the approval of such Submission and the reasons for such objections. A copy of the Regional Administrator's objections shall be provided to the applicant, and each person who has requested individual notice. The Regional Administrator shall provide an opportunity for written comments and may convene a public hearing on his or her objections. Unless retracted, the Regional Administrator's objections shall constitute a final ruling to deny approval of a POTW pretreatment program or authorization to grant removal allowances 90 days after the date the objections are issued.
            (e) Notice of decision. The Approval Authority shall notify those persons who submitted comments and participated in the public hearing, if held, of the approval or disapproval of the Submission. In addition, the Approval Authority shall cause to be published a notice of approval or disapproval in the same newspapers as the original notice of request for approval of the Submission was published. The Approval Authority shall identify in any notice of POTW Pretreatment Program approval any authorization to modify categorical Pretreatment Standards which the POTW may make, in accordance with § 403.7, for removal of pollutants subject to Pretreatment Standards.
            (f) Public access to submission. The Approval Authority shall ensure that the Submission and any comments upon such Submission are available to the public for inspection and copying.
            [46 FR 9439, Jan. 28, 1981, as amended at 49 FR 31224, Aug. 3, 1984; 51 FR 20429, June 4, 1986; 53 FR 40613, Oct. 17, 1988; 62 FR 38414, July 17, 1997]
          
          
            § 403.12
            Reporting requirements for POTW's and industrial users.
            (a) [Reserved]
            (b) Reporting requirements for industrial users upon effective date of categorical pretreatment standard—baseline report. Within 180 days after the effective date of a categorical Pretreatment Standard, or 180 days after the final administrative decision made upon a category determination submission under § 403.6(a)(4), whichever is later, existing Industrial Users subject to such categorical Pretreatment Standards and currently discharging to or scheduled to discharge to a POTW shall be required to submit to the Control Authority a report which contains the information listed in paragraphs (b)(1)-(7) of this section. At least 90 days prior to commencement of discharge, New Sources, and sources that become Industrial Users subsequent to the promulgation of an applicable categorical Standard, shall be required to submit to the Control Authority a report which contains the information listed in paragraphs (b)(1)-(5) of this section. New sources shall also be required to include in this report information on the method of pretreatment the source intends to use to meet applicab