nt source subject to this subpart shall achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology (BCT): The limitations shall be the same as those specified for conventional pollutants (which are defined in § 401.16) in § 407.72 of this subpart for the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              [51 FR 24997, July 9, 1986]
            
          
          
            Subpart H—Canned and Miscellaneous Specialties Subcategory
            
              Source:
              41 FR 16284, Apr. 16, 1976, unless otherwise noted.
            
            
              § 407.80
              Applicability; description of the canned and miscellaneous specialties subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges resulting from the processing of the following specialty products: Added ingredients; baby food; corn, potato, and tortilla chips; ethnic foods; jams and jellies; mayonnaise and dressings; soups; and tomato-starch-cheese canned specialties. When a plant is subject to effluent limitations covering more than one commodity or subcategory, the plant discharge limitations shall be set by proration of limitations for each subcategory or commodity based on the total production covered by each commodity or subcategory.
            
            
              § 407.81
              Specialized definitions.
              For the purpose of this subpart:
              (a) Except as provided below, the general definitions, abbreviations and methods of analysis set forth in 40 CFR part 401 shall apply to this subpart.
              (b) The term added ingredients shall mean the prepared sauces (prepared from items such as dairy products, starches, sugar, tomato sauce and concentrate, spices, and other related preprocessed ingredients) which are added during the canning and freezing of fruits and vegetables.
              (c) The term baby foods shall mean the processing of canned fresh fruits and vegetables, meats, eggs, fruit juices, cereal, formulated entrees, desserts and snacks using fresh, pre-processed, or any combination of these and other food ingredients necessary for the production of infant foods.
              (d) The term chips, potato shall mean the processing of fried chips, made from fresh or stored white potatoes, all varieties. In terms of finished potato chips, 1 kg (lb) of finished product is equivalent to 4 kg (lb) of raw material.
              (e) The term chips, corn shall mean the processing of fried corn, made by soaking, rinsing, milling and extruding into a fryer without toasting. In terms of finished corn chips, 1 kg (lb) of finished product is equivalent to 0.9 kg (lb) of raw material.
              (f) The term chips, tortilla shall mean the processing of fried corn, made by soaking, rinsing, milling, rolling into sheets, toasting and frying. In terms of finished tortilla chips, 1 kg (lb) of finished product is equivalent to 0.9 kg (lb) of raw material.
              (g) The term ethnic foods shall mean the production of canned and frozen Chinese and Mexican specialties utilizing fresh and pre-processed bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, celery, cactus, tomatoes, and other similar vegetables necessary for the production of the various characteristic product styles.
              (h) The term jams and jellies shall include th