ay be included, the Industrial User or POTW may request that the Water Management Division Director or Director, as appropriate, provide written certification on whether the Industrial User falls within that particular subcategory. If an existing Industrial User adds or changes a process or operation which may be included in a subcategory, the existing Industrial User must request this certification prior to commencing discharge from the added or changed processes or operation. A New Source must request this certification prior to commencing discharge. Where a request for certification is submitted by a POTW, the POTW shall notify any affected Industrial User of such submission. The Industrial User may provide written comments on the POTW submission to the Water Management Division Director or Director, as appropriate, within 30 days of notification.
            (2) Contents of application. Each request shall contain a statement:
            (i) Describing which subcategories might be applicable; and

            (ii) Citing evidence and reasons why a particular subcategory is applicable and why others are not applicable. Any person signing the application statement submitted pursuant to this section shall make the following certification:
            
            
              I certify under penalty of law that this document and all attachments were prepared under my direction or supervision in accordance with a system designed to assure that qualified personnel properly gather and evaluate the information submitted. Based on my inquiry of the person or persons who manage the system, or those persons directly responsible for gathering the information, the information submitted is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, true, accurate, and complete. I am aware that there are significant penalties for submitting false information, including the possibility of fine and imprisonment for knowing violations.
            
            
            (3) Deficient requests. The Water Management Division Director or Director will only act on written requests for determinations that contain all of the information required. Persons who have made incomplete submissions will be notified by the Water Management Division Director or Director that their requests are deficient and, unless the time period is extended, will be given 30 days to correct the deficiency. If the deficiency is not corrected within 30 days or within an extended period allowed by the Water Management Division Director or the Director, the request for a determination shall be denied.
            (4) Final decision. (i) When the Water Management Division Director or Director receives a submittal he or she will, after determining that it contains all of the information required by paragraph (2) of this section, consider the submission, any additional evidence that may have been requested, and any other available information relevant to the request. The Water Management Division Director or Director will then make a written determination of the applicable subcategory and state the reasons for the determination.

            (ii) Where the request is submitted to the Director, the Director shall forward the determination described in this paragraph to the Water Management Division Director who may make a final determination. The Water Management Division Director may waive receipt of these determinations. If the Water Management Division Director does not modify the Director's decisi