ment Standards shall apply to the effluent of the process regulated by the Standard, or as otherwise specified by the standard.
            (2) When the limits in a categorical Pretreatment Standard are expressed only in terms of mass of pollutant per unit of production, the Control Authority may convert the limits to equivalent limitations expressed either as mass of pollutant discharged per day or effluent concentration for purposes of calculating effluent limitations applicable to individual Industrial Users.
            (3) A Control Authority calculating equivalent mass-per-day limitations under paragraph (c)(2) of this section shall calculate such limitations by multiplying the limits in the Standard by the Industrial User's average rate of production. This average rate of production shall be based not upon the designed production capacity but rather upon a reasonable measure of the Industrial User's actual long-term daily production, such as the average daily production during a representative year. For new sources, actual production shall be estimated using projected production.
            (4) A Control Authority calculating equivalent concentration limitations under paragraph (c)(2) of this section shall calculate such limitations by dividing the mass limitations derived under paragraph (c)(3) of this section by the average daily flow rate of the Industrial User's regulated process wastewater. This average daily flow rate shall be based upon a reasonable measure of the Industrial User's actual long-term average flow rate, such as the average daily flow rate during the representative year.

            (5) When the limits in a categorical Pretreatment Standard are expressed only in terms of pollutant concentrations, an Industrial User may request that the Control Authority convert the limits to equivalent mass limits. The determination to convert concentration limits to mass limits is within the discretion of the Control Authority. The Control Authority may establish equivalent mass limits only if the Industrial User meets all the following conditions in paragraph (c)(5)(i)(A) through (c)(5)(i)(E) of this section.
            (i) To be eligible for equivalent mass limits, the Industrial User must:
            (A) Employ, or demonstrate that it will employ, water conservation methods and technologies that substantially reduce water use during the term of its control mechanism;
            (B) Currently use control and treatment technologies adequate to achieve compliance with the applicable categorical Pretreatment Standard, and not have used dilution as a substitute for treatment;
            (C) Provide sufficient information to establish the facility's actual average daily flow rate for all wastestreams, based on data from a continuous effluent flow monitoring device, as well as the facility's long-term average production rate. Both the actual average daily flow rate and long-term average production rate must be representative of current operating conditions;
            (D) Not have daily flow rates, production levels, or pollutant levels that vary so significantly that equivalent mass limits are not appropriate to control the Discharge; and
            (E) Have consistently complied with all applicable categorical Pretreatment Standards during the period prior to the Industrial User's request for equivalent mass limits.
            (ii) An Industrial User subject to equivalent mass limits must:
            (A) Maintain and