agement Plan. The CAFO must develop and implement a nutrient management plan that incorporates the requirements of paragraphs (c)(2) through (c)(5) of this section based on a field-specific assessment of the potential for nitrogen and phosphorus transport from the field and that addresses the form, source, amount, timing, and method of application of nutrients on each field to achieve realistic production goals, while minimizing nitrogen and phosphorus movement to surface waters.
            (2) Determination of application rates. Application rates for manure, litter, and other process wastewater applied to land under the ownership or operational control of the CAFO must minimize phosphorus and nitrogen transport from the field to surface waters in compliance with the technical standards for nutrient management established by the Director. Such technical standards for nutrient management shall:
            (i) Include a field-specific assessment of the potential for nitrogen and phosphorus transport from the field to surface waters, and address the form, source, amount, timing, and method of application of nutrients on each field to achieve realistic production goals, while minimizing nitrogen and phosphorus movement to surface waters; and
            (ii) Include appropriate flexibilities for any CAFO to implement nutrient management practices to comply with the technical standards, including consideration of multi-year phosphorus application on fields that do not have a high potential for phosphorus runoff to surface water, phased implementation of phosphorus-based nutrient management, and other components, as determined appropriate by the Director.
            (3) Manure and soil sampling. Manure must be analyzed a minimum of once annually for nitrogen and phosphorus content, and soil analyzed a minimum of once every five years for phosphorus content. The results of these analyses are to be used in determining application rates for manure, litter, and other process wastewater.
            (4) Inspect land application equipment for leaks. The operator must periodically inspect equipment used for land application of manure, litter, or process wastewater.
            (5) Setback requirements. Unless the CAFO exercises one of the compliance alternatives provided for in paragraph (c)(5)(i) or (c)(5)(ii) of this section, manure, litter, and process wastewater may not be applied closer than 100 feet to any down-gradient surface waters, open tile line intake structures, sinkholes, agricultural well heads, or other conduits to surface waters.
            (i) Vegetated buffer compliance alternative. As a compliance alternative, the CAFO may substitute the 100-foot setback with a 35-foot wide vegetated buffer where applications of manure, litter, or process wastewater are prohibited.
            (ii) Alternative practices compliance alternative. As a compliance alternative, the CAFO may demonstrate that a setback or buffer is not necessary because implementation of alternative conservation practices or field-specific conditions will provide pollutant reductions equivalent or better than the reductions that would be achieved by the 100-foot setback.
          
          
            Subpart A—Horses and Sheep
            
              § 412.10
              Applicability.
              This subpart applies to discharges resulting from the production areas at horse and sheep CAFOs. This subpart does not apply to such CAFOs with less than the fol