. Within 30 days of approval pursuant to 40 CFR 403.8(f)(6), of a list of significant industrial users, notify each significant industrial user of its status as such and of all requirements applicable to it as a result of such status.
            (iv) Receive and analyze self-monitoring reports and other notices submitted by Industrial Users in accordance with the self-monitoring requirements in § 403.12;
            (v) Randomly sample and analyze the effluent from Industrial Users and conduct surveillance activities in order to identify, independent of information supplied by Industrial Users, occasional and continuing noncompliance with Pretreatment Standards. Inspect and sample the effluent from each Significant Industrial User at least once a year, except as otherwise specified below:
            (A) Where the POTW has authorized the Industrial User subject to a categorical Pretreatment Standard to forego sampling of a pollutant regulated by a categorical Pretreatment Standard in accordance with § 403.12(e)(3), the POTW must sample for the waived pollutant(s) at least once during the term of the Categorical Industrial User's control mechanism. In the event that the POTW subsequently determines that a waived pollutant is present or is expected to be present in the Industrial User's wastewater based on changes that occur in the User's operations, the POTW must immediately begin at least annual effluent monitoring of the User's Discharge and inspection.
            (B) Where the POTW has determined that an Industrial User meets the criteria for classification as a Non-Significant Categorical Industrial User, the POTW must evaluate, at least once per year, whether an Industrial User continues to meet the criteria in § 403.3(v)(2).
            (C) In the case of Industrial Users subject to reduced reporting requirements under § 403.12(e)(3), the POTW must randomly sample and analyze the effluent from Industrial Users and conduct inspections at least once every two years. If the Industrial User no longer meets the conditions for reduced reporting in § 403.12(e)(3), the POTW must immediately begin sampling and inspecting the Industrial User at least once a year.
            (vi) Evaluate whether each such Significant Industrial User needs a plan or other action to control Slug Discharges. For Industrial Users identified as significant prior to November 14, 2005, this evaluation must have been conducted at least once by October 14, 2006; additional Significant Industrial Users must be evaluated within 1 year of being designated a Significant Industrial User. For purposes of this subsection, a Slug Discharge is any Discharge of a non-routine, episodic nature, including but not limited to an accidental spill or a non-customary batch Discharge, which has a reasonable potential to cause Interference or Pass Through, or in any other way violate the POTW's regulations, local limits or Permit conditions. The results of such activities shall be available to the Approval Authority upon request. Significant Industrial Users are required to notify the POTW immediately of any changes at its facility affecting potential for a Slug Discharge. If the POTW decides that a slug control plan is needed, the plan shall contain, at a minimum, the following elements:

            (A) Description of discharge practices, including non-routine batch Discharges;
            
            (B) Description of stored chemicals;
            (C) Procedures for immediately