hnology currently available (BPT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.143
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best available technology economically achievable (BAT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best available technology economically achievable (BAT): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.144
              [Reserved]
            
            
              § 415.145
              New source performance standards (NSPS).
              Any new source subject to this subpart must achieve the following new source performance standards (NSPS): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.146
              Pretreatment standards for new sources (PSNS).
              Except as provided in § 403.7, any new source subject to this subpart which introduces pollutants into a publicly owned treatment works must comply with 40 CFR part 403 and achieve the following pretreatment standards for new sources (PSNS): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
          
          
            Subpart O—Sodium Carbonate Production Subcategory [Reserved]
          
          
            Subpart P—Sodium Chloride Production Subcategory
            
              § 415.160
              Applicability; description of the sodium chloride production subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges resulting from the production of sodium chloride by the solution brine-mining process and by the solar evaporation process.
            
            
              § 415.161
              Specialized definitions.
              For the purpose of this subpart:
              (a) Except as provided below, the general definitions, abbreviations and methods of analysis set forth in 40 CFR part 401 shall apply to this subpart.
              (b) The term product shall mean sodium chloride.
              (c) The term bitterns shall mean the saturated brine solution remaining after precipitation of sodium chloride in the solar evaporation process.
            
            
              
              § 415.162
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              (a) Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart and using the solar evaporation process must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technolog