40 CFR 123.24(d) allows such restriction.
            (7) Nothing in these regulations precludes an Industrial User or other interested party from assisting the POTW in preparing and presenting the information necessary to apply for authorization.
            (f) Continuation and withdrawal of authorization—(1) Effect of authorization. (i) Once a POTW has received authorization to grant removal credits for a particular pollutant regulated in a categorical Pretreatment Standard it may automatically extend that removal credit to the same pollutant when it is regulated in other categorical standards, unless granting the removal credit will cause the POTW to violate the sludge requirements identified in paragraph (a)(3)(iv) of this section or its NPDES permit limits and conditions as required by paragraph (a)(3)(v) of this section. If a POTW elects at a later time to extend removal credits to a certain categorical Pretreatment Standard, industrial subcategory or one or more Industrial Users that initially were not granted removal credits, it must notify the Approval Authority.
            (2) Inclusion in POTW permit. Once authority is granted, the removal credits shall be included in the POTW's NPDES Permit as soon as possible and shall become an enforceable requirement of the POTW's NPDES permit. The removal credits will remain in effect for the term of the POTW's NPDES permit, provided the POTW maintains compliance with the conditions specified in paragraph (f)(4) of this section.
            (3) Compliance monitoring. Following authorization to give removal credits, a POTW shall continue to monitor and report on (at such intervals as may be specified by the Approval Authority, but in no case less than once per year) the POTW's removal capabilities. A minimum of one representative sample per month during the reporting period is required, and all sampling data must be included in the POTW's compliance report.
            (4) Modification or withdrawal of removal credits—(i) Notice of POTW. The Approval Authority shall notify the POTW if, on the basis of pollutant removal capability reports received pursuant to paragraph (f)(3) of this section or other relevant information available to it, the Approval Authority determines:
            (A) That one or more of the discharge limit revisions made by the POTW, of the POTW itself, no longer meets the requirements of this section, or
            (B) That such discharge limit revisions are causing a violation of any conditions or limits contained in the POTW's NPDES Permit.
            (ii) Corrective action. If appropriate corrective action is not taken within a reasonable time, not to exceed 60 days unless the POTW or the affected Industrial Users demonstrate that a longer time period is reasonably necessary to undertake the appropriate corrective action, the Approval Authority shall either withdraw such discharge limits or require modifications in the revised discharge limits.
            (iii) Public notice of withdrawal or modification. The Approval Authority shall not withdraw or modify revised discharge limits unless it shall first have notified the POTW and all Industrial Users to whom revised discharge limits have been applied, and made public, in writing, the reasons for such withdrawal or modification, and an opportunity is provided for a hearing. Following such notice and withdrawal or modification, all Industrial Users to whom revised discharge limits had been applied, shall be subje