) Compliance schedule for meeting categorical Pretreatment Standards. The following conditions shall apply to the schedule required by paragraph (b)(7) of this section:
            (1) The schedule shall contain increments of progress in the form of dates for the commencement and completion of major events leading to the construction and operation of additional pretreatment required for the Industrial User to meet the applicable categorical Pretreatment Standards (e.g., hiring an engineer, completing preliminary plans, completing final plans, executing contract for major components, commencing construction, completing construction, etc.).
            (2) No increment referred to in paragraph (c)(1) of this section shall exceed 9 months.
            (3) Not later than 14 days following each date in the schedule and the final date for compliance, the Industrial User shall submit a progress report to the Control Authority including, at a minimum, whether or not it complied with the increment of progress to be met on such date and, if not, the date on which it expects to comply with this increment of progress, the reason for delay, and the steps being taken by the Industrial User to return the construction to the schedule established. In no event shall more than 9 months elapse between such progress reports to the Control Authority.
            (d) Report on compliance with categorical pretreatment standard deadline. Within 90 days following the date for final compliance with applicable categorical Pretreatment Standards or in the case of a New Source following commencement of the introduction of wastewater into the POTW, any Industrial User subject to Pretreatment Standards and Requirements shall submit to the Control Authority a report containing the information described in paragraphs (b) (4)-(6) of this section. For Industrial Users subject to equivalent mass or concentration limits established by the Control Authority in accordance with the procedures in § 403.6(c), this report shall contain a reasonable measure of the User's long term production rate. For all other Industrial Users subject to categorical Pretreatment Standards expressed in terms of allowable pollutant discharge per unit of production (or other measure of operation), this report shall include the User's actual production during the appropriate sampling period.
            (e) Periodic reports on continued compliance. (1) Any Industrial User subject to a categorical Pretreatment Standard (except a Non-Significant Categorical User as defined in § 403.3(v)(2)), after the compliance date of such Pretreatment Standard, or, in the case of a New Source, after commencement of the discharge into the POTW, shall submit to the Control Authority during the months of June and December, unless required more frequently in the Pretreatment Standard or by the Control Authority or the Approval Authority, a report indicating the nature and concentration of pollutants in the effluent which are limited by such categorical Pretreatment Standards. In addition, this report shall include a record of measured or estimated average and maximum daily flows for the reporting period for the Discharge reported in paragraph (b)(4) of this section except that the Control Authority may require more detailed reporting of flows. In cases where the Pretreatment Standard requires compliance with a Best Management Practice (or pollution prevention alternative), the User shall submit documentation required by