concerning specific classes and categories of point sources under parts 402 through 699 of this subchapter which follow. In certain instances the regulations applicable to a particular point source category or subcategory will contain more specialized definitions. Except as provided in § 401.17, in the case of any conflict between regulations issued under this part 401 and regulations issued under parts 402 through 499 of this subchapter, the latter more specific regulations shall apply.
            (Secs. 301, 304, 306 and 501 of the Clean Water Act (the Federal Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1972, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et. seq., as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1977, Pub. L. 95-217))
            [39 FR 4532, Feb. 1, 1974, as amended at 47 FR 24537, June 4, 1982]
          
          
            § 401.11
            General definitions.
            For the purposes of parts 402 through 699 of this subchapter:
            (a) The term Act means the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq., 86 Stat. 816, Pub. L. 92-500.
            (b) The term Administrator means the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency.
            (c) The term Environmental Protection Agency means the United States Environmental Protection Agency.
            (d) The term point source means any discernible, confined and discrete conveyance, including but not limited to any pipe, ditch, channel, tunnel, conduit, well, discrete fissure, container, rolling stock, concentrated animal feeding operation, or vessel or other floating craft, from which pollutants are or may be discharged.
            (e) The term new source means any building, structure, facility or installation from which there is or may be the discharge of pollutants, the construction of which is commenced after the publication of proposed regulations prescribing a standard of performance under section 306 of the Act which will be applicable to such source if such standard is thereafter promulgated in accordance with section 306 of the Act.
            (f) The term pollutant means dredged spoil, solid waste, incinerator residue, sewage, garbage, sewage sludge, munitions, chemical wastes, biological materials, radioactive materials, heat, wrecked or discarded equipment, rock, sand, cellar dirt and industrial, municipal and agricultural waste discharged into water. It does not mean (1) sewage from vessels or (2) water, gas or other material which is injected into a well to facilitate production of oil or gas, or water derived in association with oil or gas production and disposed of in a well, if the well, used either to facilitate production or for disposal purposes, is approved by authority of the State in which the well is located, and if such State determines that such injection or disposal will not result in degradation of ground or surface water resources.
            (g) The term pollution means the man-made or man induced alteration of the chemical, physical, biological and radiological integrity of water.
            (h) The term discharge of pollutant(s) means: (1) The addition of any pollutant to navigable waters from any point source and (2) any addition of any pollutant to the waters of the contiguous zone or the ocean from any point source, other than from a vessel or other floating craft. The term “discharge” includes either the discharge of a single pollutant or the discharge of multiple pollutants.
            (i) The term e