forth in 40 CFR 128.131, the pretreatment standard for incompatible pollutants introduced into a publicly owned treatment works shall be as follows: There shall be no discharge of process waste water pollutants.
              
            
            
              § 418.17
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology.
              The following limitations establish the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties which may be discharged by a point source subject to the provisions of this subpart after application of the best conventional pollutant control technology:
              (a) Subject to the provision of paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section, the following limitations establish the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties, controlled by this section, which may be discharged by a point source subject to the provisions of this subpart after application of the best conventional pollutant control technology: There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
              (b) Process wastewater pollutants from a calcium sulfate storage pile runoff facility operated separately or in combination with a water recirculation system designed, constructed and operated to maintain a surge capacity equal to the runoff from the 25-year, 24-hour rainfall event may be discharged, after treatment to the standards set forth in paragraph (c) of this section, whenever chronic or catastrophic precipitation events cause the water level to rise into the surge capacity. Process wastewater must be treated and discharged whenever the water level equals or exceeds the midpoint of the surge capacity.
              (c) The concentration of pollutants discharged in process wastewater pursuant to the limitations of paragraph (b) of this section shall not exceed the values listed in the following table:
              
                
                  Effluent characteristic
                  Effluent limitations (mg/l)
                  Maximum for any 1 day
                  Average of daily values for 30 consecutive days shall not exceed—
                
                
                  TSS
                  150
                  50
                
              
              The total suspended solid limitations set forth in this paragraph shall be waived for process wastewater from a calcium sulfate sulfate storage pile runoff facility, operated separately or in combination with a water recirculation system, which is chemically treated and then clarified or settled to meet the other pollutant limitations set forth in this § 418.13(c).
              [44 FR 50742, Aug. 29, 1979; 45 FR 37199, June 2, 1980, as amended at 51 FR 24999, July 9, 1986]
            
          
          
            Subpart B—Ammonia Subcategory
            
              § 418.20
              Applicability; description of the ammonia subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges resulting from the manufacture of ammonia. Discharges attributable to shipping losses and cooling tower blowdown are excluded.
              [44 FR 64081, Nov. 6, 1979]
            
            
              § 418.21
              Specialized definitions.
              For the purposes of this subpart:
              (a) Except as provided below the general definiti