idual” methods in Table IB in 40 CFR 136.3(a), or other methods approved by the permitting authority.
            
            (b) The term low volume waste sources means, taken collectively as if from one source, wastewater from all sources except those for which specific limitations or standards are otherwise established in this part. Low volume waste sources include, but are not limited to, the following: Wastewaters from ion exchange water treatment systems, water treatment evaporator blowdown, laboratory and sampling streams, boiler blowdown, floor drains, cooling tower basin cleaning wastes, recirculating house service water systems, and wet scrubber air pollution control systems whose primary purpose is particulate removal. Sanitary wastes, air conditioning wastes, and wastewater from carbon capture or sequestration systems are not included in this definition.
            (c) The term chemical metal cleaning waste means any wastewater resulting from the cleaning of any metal process equipment with chemical compounds, including, but not limited to, boiler tube cleaning.
            (d) The term metal cleaning waste means any wastewater resulting from cleaning [with or without chemical cleaning compounds] any metal process equipment including, but not limited to, boiler tube cleaning, boiler fireside cleaning, and air preheater cleaning.
            (e) The term fly ash means the ash that is carried out of the furnace by a gas stream and collected by a capture device such as a mechanical precipitator, electrostatic precipitator, or fabric filter. Economizer ash is included in this definition when it is collected with fly ash. Ash is not included in this definition when it is collected in wet scrubber air pollution control systems whose primary purpose is particulate removal.
            (f) The term bottom ash means the ash, including boiler slag, which settles in the furnace or is dislodged from furnace walls. Economizer ash is included in this definition when it is collected with bottom ash.
            (g) The term once through cooling water means water passed through the main cooling condensers in one or two passes for the purpose of removing waste heat.
            (h) The term recirculated cooling water means water which is passed through the main condensers for the purpose of removing waste heat, passed through a cooling device for the purpose of removing such heat from the water and then passed again, except for blowdown, through the main condenser.
            (i) The term 10 year, 24/hour rainfall event means a rainfall event with a probable recurrence interval of once in ten years as defined by the National Weather Service in Technical Paper No. 40. Rainfall Frequency Atlas of the United States, May 1961 or equivalent regional rainfall probability information developed therefrom.
            (j) The term blowdown means the minimum discharge of recirculating water for the purpose of discharging materials contained in the water, the further buildup of which would cause concentration in amounts exceeding limits established by best engineering practices.
            (k) The term average concentration as it relates to chlorine discharge means the average of analyses made over a single period of chlorine release which does not exceed two hours.
            (l) The term free available chlorine means the value obtained using any of the “chlorine—free available” methods in Table IB in 40 CFR 136.3(a) where the method has the capa