ated substantial compliance.
            (6) The Approval Authority may elect not to review an application for conditional removal credit authority upon receipt of such application, in which case the conditionally revised discharge limits will remain in effect until reviewed by the Approval Authority. This review may occur at any time in accordance with the procedures of § 403.11, but in no event later than the time of any pretreatment program approval or any NPDES permit reissuance thereunder.
            (e) POTW application for authorization to give removal credits and Approval Authority review—(1) Who must apply. Any POTW that wants to give a removal credit must apply for authorization from the Approval Authority.
            (2) To whom application is made. An application for authorization to give removal credits (or modify existing ones) shall be submitted by the POTW to the Approval Authority.
            (3) When to apply. A POTW may apply for authorization to give or modify removal credits at any time.
            (4) Contents of the application. An application for authorization to give removal credits must be supported by the following information:
            (i) List of pollutants. A list of pollutants for which removal credits are proposed.
            (ii) Consistent Removal data. The data required pursuant to paragraph (b) of this section.
            (iii) Calculation of revised discharge limits. Proposed revised discharge limits for each affected subcategory of Industrial Users calculated in accordance with paragraph (a)(4) of this section.
            (iv) Local Pretreatment Program Certification. A certification that the POTW has an approved local pretreatment program or qualifies for the exception to this requirement found at paragraph (d) of this section.
            (v) Sludge management certification. A specific description of the POTW's current methods of using or disposing of its sludge and a certification that the granting of removal credits will not cause a violation of the sludge requirements identified in paragraph (a)(3)(iv) of this section.
            (vi) NPDES permit limit certification. A certification that the granting of removal credits will not cause a violation of the POTW's NPDES permit limits and conditions as required in paragraph (a)(3)(v) of this section.
            (5) Approval Authority review. The Approval Authority shall review the POTW's application for authorization to give or modify removal credits in accordance with the procedures of § 403.11 and shall, in no event, have more that 180 days from public notice of an application to complete review.
            (6) EPA review of State removal credit approvals. Where the NPDES State has an approved pretreatment program, the Regional Administrator may agree in the Memorandum of Agreement under 40 CFR 123.24(d) to waive the right to review and object to submissions for authority to grant removal credits. Such an agreement shall not restrict the Regional Administrator's right to comment upon or object to permits issued to POTW's except to the extent 40 CFR 123.24(d) allows such restriction.
            (7) Nothing in these regulations precludes an Industrial User or other interested party from assisting the POTW in preparing and presenting the information necessary to apply for authorization.
            (f) Continuation and withdrawal of authorization—(1) Effect of authorization. (i) Once a POTW has received authorization to grant removal cr