isulfite
                
                  Pollutant or pollutant property
                  PSNS effluent limitations
                  Maximum for any 1 day
                  Average of daily values for 30 consecutive days
                
                
                  
                  Milligrams per liter
                
                
                  Chromium (T)
                  1.3
                  0.42
                
              
              In cases where POTWs find it necessary to impose mass limitations, the following equivalent mass limitations are provided as an alternate: The limitations for Chromium (T) are the same as specified in § 415.545.
              [47 FR 55227, Dec. 8, 1982]
            
            
              § 415.547
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology (BCT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32 any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology (BCT): The limitations are the same for TSS and pH as specified in § 414.542.
            
          
          
            Subpart BC—Sodium Fluoride Production Subcategory
            
              § 415.550
              Applicability; description of the sodium fluoride production subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges and to the introduction of pollutants into publicly owned treatment works resulting from the production of sodium fluoride by the anhydrous neutralization process and by the silico fluoride process.
            
            
              § 415.551
              Specialized definitions.
              For the purpose of this subpart:
              (a) Except as provided below, the general definitions, abbreviations and methods of analysis set forth in part 401 of this chapter shall apply to this subpart.
              (b) The term process wastewater means any water which, during manufacturing or processing, comes into direct contact with or results from the production or use of any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product, or waste product. The term “process wastewater” does not include contaminated non-process wastewater, as defined below.
              (c) The term process wastewater pollutants means pollutants present in process wastewater.
              (d) The term contaminated non-process wastewater shall mean any water which, during manufacturing or processing, comes into incidental contact with any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product or waste product by means of (1) rainfall runoff; (2) accidental spills; (3) accidental leaks caused by the failure of process equipment, which are repaired within the shortest reasonable time not to exceed 24 hours after discovery; and (4) discharges from safety showers and related personal safety equipment: Provided, that all reasonable measures have been taken (i) to prevent, reduce and control, such contact to the maximum extent feasible; and (ii) to mitigate the effects of such contact once it has occurred.
            
            
              § 415.552
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction