t. The POTW must submit any such alternative requirements as a substantial program modification in accordance with the procedures outlined in § 403.18. The approved modified program must be incorporated as an enforceable part of the POTW's NPDES permit. The Approval Authority must include a reopener clause in the POTW's NPDES permit that directs the POTW to discontinue implementing the approved alternative requirements and resume implementation of its previously approved pretreatment program if the Approval Authority determines that the primary objectives of the Local Pilot Pretreatment Program are not being met or the “Project XL” agreement expires or is otherwise terminated.
            [66 FR 50339, Oct. 3, 2001]
          
          
            Appendixes A-C to Part 403 [Reserved]
          
          
            Pt. 403, App. D
            Appendix D to Part 403—Selected Industrial Subcategories Considered Dilute for Purposes of the Combined Wastestream Formula
            The following industrial subcategories are considered to have dilute wastestreams for purposes of the combined wastestream formula. They either were or could have been excluded from categorical pretreatment standards pursuant to paragraph 8 of the Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., et al. v. Costle Consent Decree for one or more of the following four reasons: (1) The pollutants of concern are not detectable in the effluent from the industrial user (paragraph 8(a)(iii)); (2) the pollutants of concern are present only in trace amounts and are neither causing nor likely to cause toxic effects (paragraph 8(a)(iii)); (3) the pollutants of concern are present in amounts too small to be effectively reduced by technologies known to the Administrator (paragraph 8(a)(iii)); or (4) the wastestream contains only pollutants which are compatible with the POTW (paragraph 8(b)(i)). In some instances, different rationales were given for exclusion under paragraph 8. However, EPA has reviewed these subcategories and has determined that exclusion could have occurred due to one of the four reasons listed above.
            This list is complete as of October 9, 1986. It will be updated periodically for the convenience of the reader.
            
              Auto and Other Laundries (40 CFR part 444)
            Carpet and Upholstery Cleaning
            Coin-Operated Laundries and Dry Cleaning
            Diaper Services
            Dry Cleaning Plants except Rug Cleaning
            Industrial Laundries
            Laundry and Garment Services, Not Elsewhere Classified
            Linen Supply
            Power Laundries, Family and Commercial
            
              Electrical and Electronic Components 1
              
               (40 CFR part 469)
            
              
                1 The Paragraph 8 exemption for the manufacture of products in the Electrical and Electronic Components Category is for operations not covered by Electroplating/Metal Finishing pretreatment regulations (40 CFR parts 413/433).
            
            Capacitors (Fluid Fill)
            Carbon and Graphite Products
            Dry Transformers
            Ferrite Electronic Devices
            Fixed Capacitors
            Fluorescent Lamps
            Fuel Cells
            Incandescent Lamps
            Magnetic Coatings
            Mica Paper Dielectric
            Motors, Generators, Alternators
            Receiving and Transmitting Tubes
            Resistance Heaters