effluent and influent flow if such data can be obtained. If such data are unobtainable, alternate data or information may be presented for approval to demonstrate Consistent Removal as provided for in paragraph (b)(1) of this section.
            (iii) Sampling procedures: Composite. (A) The influent and effluent operational data shall be obtained through 24-hour flow-proportional composite samples. Sampling may be done manually or automatically, and discretely or continuously. For discrete sampling, at least 12 aliquots shall be composited. Discrete sampling may be flow-proportioned either by varying the time interval between each aliquot or the volume of each aliquot. All composites must be flow-proportional to each stream flow at time of collection of influent aliquot or to the total influent flow since the previous influent aliquot. Volatile pollutant aliquots must be combined in the laboratory immediately before analysis.
            (B)(1) Twelve samples shall be taken at approximately equal intervals throughout one full year. Sampling must be evenly distributed over the days of the week so as to include no-workdays as well as workdays. If the Approval Authority determines that this schedule will not be most representative of the actual operation of the POTW Treatment Plant, an alternative sampling schedule will be approved.
            (2) In addition, upon the Approval Authority's concurrence, a POTW may utilize an historical data base amassed prior to the effective data of this section provide that such data otherwise meet the requirements of this paragraph. In order for the historical data base to be approved it must present a statistically valid description of daily, weekly and seasonal sewage treatment plant loadings and performance for at least one year.
            (C) Effluent sample collection need not be delayed to compensate for hydraulic detention unless the POTW elects to include detention time compensation or unless the Approval Authority requires detention time compensation. The Approval Authority may require that each effluent sample be taken approximately one detention time later than the corresponding influent sample when failure to do so would result in an unrepresentative portrayal of actual POTW operation. The detention period is to be based on a 24-hour average daily flow value. The average daily flow used will be based upon the average of the daily flows during the same month of the previous year.
            (iv) Sampling procedures: Grab. Where composite sampling is not an appropriate sampling technique, a grab sample(s) shall be taken to obtain influent and effluent operational data. Collection of influent grab samples should precede collection of effluent samples by approximately one detention period. The detention period is to be based on a 24-hour average daily flow value. The average daily flow used will be based upon the average of the daily flows during the same month of the previous year. Grab samples will be required, for example, where the parameters being evaluated are those, such as cyanide and phenol, which may not be held for any extended period because of biological, chemical or physical interactions which take place after sample collection and affect the results. A grab sample is an individual sample collected over a period of time not exceeding 15 minutes.
            (v) Analytical methods. The sampling referred to in paragraphs (b)(2) (i) through (iv) of this section and an analysis of