itations, contamination of municipal sludge, or other circumstances warrant in order to prevent Interference with the POTW or Pass Through.
            (b) Deadline for Program Approval. A POTW which meets the criteria of paragraph (a) of this section must receive approval of a POTW Pretreatment Program no later than 3 years after the reissuance or modification of its existing NPDES permit but in no case later than July 1, 1983. POTWs whose NPDES permits are modified under section 301(h) of the Act shall have a Pretreatment Program within three (3) years as provided for in 40 CFR part 125, subpart G. POTWs identified after July 1, 1983 as being required to develop a POTW Pretreatment Program under paragraph (a) of this section shall develop and submit such a program for approval as soon as possible, but in no case later than one year after written notification from the Approval Authority of such identification. The POTW Pretreatment Program shall meet the criteria set forth in paragraph (f) of this section and shall be administered by the POTW to ensure compliance by Industrial Users with applicable Pretreatment Standards and Requirements.
            (c) Incorporation of approved programs in permits. A POTW may develop an appropriate POTW Pretreatment Program any time before the time limit set forth in paragraph (b) of this section. The POTW's NPDES Permit will be reissued or modified by the NPDES State or EPA to incorporate the approved Program as enforceable conditions of the Permit. The modification of a POTW's NPDES Permit for the purposes of incorporating a POTW Pretreatment Program approved in accordance with the procedure in § 403.11 shall be deemed a minor Permit modification subject to the procedures in 40 CFR 122.63.
            (d) Incorporation of compliance schedules in permits. [Reserved]
            (e) Cause for reissuance or modification of Permits. Under the authority of section 402(b)(1)(C) of the Act, the Approval Authority may modify, or alternatively, revoke and reissue a POTW's Permit in order to:
            (1) Put the POTW on a compliance schedule for the development of a POTW Pretreatment Program where the addition of pollutants into a POTW by an Industrial User or combination of Industrial Users presents a substantial hazard to the functioning of the treatment works, quality of the receiving waters, human health, or the environment;
            (2) Coordinate the issuance of a section 201 construction grant with the incorporation into a permit of a compliance schedule for POTW Pretreatment Program;
            (3) Incorporate a modification of the permit approved under section 301(h) or 301(i) of the Act;
            (4) Incorporate an approved POTW Pretreatment Program in the POTW permit; or

            (5) Incorporate a compliance schedule for the development of a POTW pretreatment program in the POTW permit.
            
            (6) Incorporate the removal credits (established under § 403.7) in the POTW permit.
            (f) POTW pretreatment requirements. A POTW pretreatment program must be based on the following legal authority and include the following procedures. These authorities and procedures shall at all times be fully and effectively exercised and implemented.
            (1) Legal authority. The POTW shall operate pursuant to legal authority enforceable in Federal, State or local courts, which authorizes or enables the POTW to apply and to enforce the requirements of sections 307 (b) and