cal Pretreatment Standard(s). The Industrial User shall comply with the alternative daily maximum and monthly average limits fixed by the Control Authority until the Control Authority modifies the limits or approves an Industrial User modification request. Modification is authorized whenever there is a material or significant change in the values used in the calculation to fix alternative limits for the regulated pollutant. An Industrial User must immediately report any such material or significant change to the Control Authority. Where appropriate new alternative categorical limits shall be calculated within 30 days.
            (1) Alternative limit calculation. For purposes of these formulas, the “average daily flow” means a reasonable measure of the average daily flow for a 30-day period. For new sources, flows shall be estimated using projected values. The alternative limit for a specified pollutant will be derived by the use of either of the following formulas:
            (i) Alternative concentration limit.
            
            
              
              EC15NO91.012
            
            
              where
              
              CT = the alternative concentration limit for the combined wastestream.
              Ci = the categorical Pretreatment Standard concentration limit for a pollutant in the regulated stream i.
              Fi = the average daily flow (at least a 30-day average) of stream i to the extent that it is regulated for such pollutant.
              FD = the average daily flow (at least a 30-day average) from: (a) Boiler blowdown streams, non-contact cooling streams, stormwater streams, and demineralizer backwash streams; provided, however, that where such streams contain a significant amount of a pollutant, and the combination of such streams, prior to treatment, with an Industrial User's regulated process wastestream(s) will result in a substantial reduction of that pollutant, the Control Authority, upon application of the Industrial User, may exercise its discretion to determine whether such stream(s) should be classified as diluted or unregulated. In its application to the Control Authority, the Industrial User must provide engineering, production, sampling and analysis and such other information so that the Control Authority can make its determination; or (b) sanitary wastestreams where such streams are not regulated by a Categorical Pretreatment Standard; or (c) from any process wastestreams which were or could have been entirely exempted from categorical Pretreatment Standards pursuant to paragraph 8 of the NRDC v. Costle Consent Decree (12 ERC 1833) for one or more of the following reasons (see appendix D of this part):
              (1) The pollutants of concern are not detectable in the effluent from the Industrial User (paragraph (8)(a)(iii));
              (2) The pollutants of concern are present only in trace amounts and are neither causing nor likely to cause toxic effects (paragraph (8)(a)(iii));
              (3) The pollutants of concern are present in amounts too small to be effectively reduced by technologies known to the Administrator (paragraph (8)(a)(iii)); or
              (4) The wastestream contains only pollutants which are compatible with the POTW (paragraph (8)(b)(i)).
              FT = The average daily flow (at least a 30-day average) through the combined treatment facility (includes Fi, FD and unregulated streams).
              N = The total number of regulated