, and sources that become Industrial Users subsequent to the promulgation of an applicable categorical Standard, shall be required to submit to the Control Authority a report which contains the information listed in paragraphs (b)(1)-(5) of this section. New sources shall also be required to include in this report information on the method of pretreatment the source intends to use to meet applicable pretreatment standards. New Sources shall give estimates of the information requested in paragraphs (b) (4) and (5) of this section:
            (1) Identifying information. The User shall submit the name and address of the facility including the name of the operator and owners;
            (2) Permits. The User shall submit a list of any environmental control permits held by or for the facility;
            (3) Description of operations. The User shall submit a brief description of the nature, average rate of production, and Standard Industrial Classification of the operation(s) carried out by such Industrial User. This description should include a schematic process diagram which indicates points of Discharge to the POTW from the regulated processes.
            (4) Flow measurement. The User shall submit information showing the measured average daily and maximum daily flow, in gallons per day, to the POTW from each of the following:
            (i) Regulated process streams; and
            (ii) Other streams as necessary to allow use of the combined wastestream formula of § 403.6(e). (See paragraph (b)(5)(iv) of this section.)
            The Control Authority may allow for verifiable estimates of these flows where justified by cost or feasibility considerations.
            (5) Measurement of pollutants. (i) The user shall identify the Pretreatment Standards applicable to each regulated process;
            (ii) In addition, the User shall submit the results of sampling and analysis identifying the nature and concentration (or mass, where required by the Standard or Control Authority) of regulated pollutants in the Discharge from each regulated process. Both daily maximum and average concentration (or mass, where required) shall be reported. The sample shall be representative of daily operations. In cases where the Standard requires compliance with a Best Management Practice or pollution prevention alternative, the User shall submit documentation as required by the Control Authority or the applicable Standards to determine compliance with the Standard;
            (iii) The User shall take a minimum of one representative sample to compile that data necessary to comply with the requirements of this paragraph.
            (iv) Samples should be taken immediately downstream from pretreatment facilities if such exist or immediately downstream from the regulated process if no pretreatment exists. If other wastewaters are mixed with the regulated wastewater prior to pretreatment the User should measure the flows and concentrations necessary to allow use of the combined wastestream formula of § 403.6(e) in order to evaluate compliance with the Pretreatment Standards. Where an alternate concentration or mass limit has been calculated in accordance with § 403.6(e) this adjusted limit along with supporting data shall be submitted to the Control Authority;

            (v) Sampling and analysis shall be performed in accordance with the techniques prescribed in 40 CFR part 136 and amendments thereto. Where 40 CFR part 136 does not contain sampling o