a Pretreatment Standard or Requirement as defined by 40 CFR 403.3(l) (daily maximum, long-term average, instantaneous limit, or narrative Standard) that the POTW determines has caused, alone or in combination with other Discharges, Interference or Pass Through (including endangering the health of POTW personnel or the general public);
            (D) Any discharge of a pollutant that has caused imminent endangerment to human health, welfare or to the environment or has resulted in the POTW's exercise of its emergency authority under paragraph (f)(1)(vi)(B) of this section to halt or prevent such a discharge;
            (E) Failure to meet, within 90 days after the schedule date, a compliance schedule milestone contained in a local control mechanism or enforcement order for starting construction, completing construction, or attaining final compliance;
            (F) Failure to provide, within 45 days after the due date, required reports such as baseline monitoring reports, 90-day compliance reports, periodic self-monitoring reports, and reports on compliance with compliance schedules;
            (G) Failure to accurately report noncompliance;
            (H) Any other violation or group of violations, which may include a violation of Best Management Practices, which the POTW determines will adversely affect the operation or implementation of the local Pretreatment program.
            (3) Funding. The POTW shall have sufficient resources and qualified personnel to carry out the authorities and procedures described in paragraphs (f) (1) and (2) of this section. In some limited circumstances, funding and personnel may be delayed where (i) the POTW has adequate legal authority and procedures to carry out the Pretreatment Program requirements described in this section, and (ii) a limited aspect of the Program does not need to be implemented immediately (see § 403.9(b)).
            (4) Local limits. The POTW shall develop local limits as required in § 403.5(c)(1), or demonstrate that they are not necessary.
            (5) The POTW shall develop and implement an enforcement response plan. This plan shall contain detailed procedures indicating how a POTW will investigate and respond to instances of industrial user noncompliance. The plan shall, at a minimum:
            (i) Describe how the POTW will investigate instances of noncompliance;
            (ii) Describe the types of escalating enforcement responses the POTW will take in response to all anticipated types of industrial user violations and the time periods within which responses will take place;
            (iii) Identify (by title) the official(s) responsible for each type of response;
            (iv) Adequately reflect the POTW's primary responsibility to enforce all applicable pretreatment requirements and standards, as detailed in 40 CFR 403.8 (f)(1) and (f)(2).
            (6) The POTW shall prepare and maintain a list of its Industrial Users meeting the criteria in § 403.3(v)(1). The list shall identify the criteria in § 403.3(v)(1) applicable to each Industrial User and, where applicable, shall also indicate whether the POTW has made a determination pursuant to § 403.3(v)(2) that such Industrial User should not be considered a Significant Industrial User. The initial list shall be submitted to the Approval Authority pursuant to § 403.9 or as a non-substantial modification pursuant to § 403.18(d). Modifications to the list shall be submitted to the Approval Authority pursua