rity to sign documents has been assigned or delegated to the manager in accordance with corporate procedures.
            (2) By a general partner or proprietor if the Industrial User submitting the reports required by paragraphs (b), (d), and (e) of this section is a partnership, or sole proprietorship respectively.
            (3) By a duly authorized representative of the individual designated in paragraph (l)(1) or (l)(2) of this section if:
            (i) The authorization is made in writing by the individual described in paragraph (l)(1) or (l)(2);
            (ii) The authorization specifies either an individual or a position having responsibility for the overall operation of the facility from which the Industrial Discharge originates, such as the position of plant manager, operator of a well, or well field superintendent, or a position of equivalent responsibility, or having overall responsibility for environmental matters for the company; and
            (iii) the written authorization is submitted to the Control Authority.
            (4) If an authorization under paragraph (l)(3) of this section is no longer accurate because a different individual or position has responsibility for the overall operation of the facility, or overall responsibility for environmental matters for the company, a new authorization satisfying the requirements of paragraph (l)(3) of this section must be submitted to the Control Authority prior to or together with any reports to be signed by an authorized representative.
            (m) Signatory requirements for POTW reports. Reports submitted to the Approval Authority by the POTW in accordance with paragraph (i) of this section must be signed by a principal executive officer, ranking elected official or other duly authorized employee. The duly authorized employee must be an individual or position having responsibility for the overall operation of the facility or the Pretreatment Program. This authorization must be made in writing by the principal executive officer or ranking elected official, and submitted to the Approval Authority prior to or together with the report being submitted.
            (n) Provisions Governing Fraud and False Statements: The reports and other documents required to be submitted or maintained under this section shall be subject to:
            (1) The provisions of 18 U.S.C. section 1001 relating to fraud and false statements;
            (2) The provisions of sections 309(c)(4) of the Act, as amended, governing false statements, representation or certification; and
            (3) The provisions of section 309(c)(6) regarding responsible corporate officers.
            (o) Record-keeping requirements. (1) Any Industrial User and POTW subject to the reporting requirements established in this section shall maintain records of all information resulting from any monitoring activities required by this section, including documentation associated with Best Management Practices. Such records shall include for all samples:
            (i) The date, exact place, method, and time of sampling and the names of the person or persons taking the samples;
            (ii) The dates analyses were performed;
            (iii) Who performed the analyses;
            (iv) The analytical techniques/methods use; and
            (v) The results of such analyses.
            
            (2) Any Industrial User or POTW subject to the reporting requirements established in this section (including do