easured or estimated average and maximum daily flows for the reporting period for the Discharge reported in paragraph (b)(4) of this section except that the Control Authority may require more detailed reporting of flows. In cases where the Pretreatment Standard requires compliance with a Best Management Practice (or pollution prevention alternative), the User shall submit documentation required by the Control Authority or the Pretreatment Standard necessary to determine the compliance status of the User. At the discretion of the Control Authority and in consideration of such factors as local high or low flow rates, holidays, budget cycles, etc., the Control Authority may modify the months during which the above reports are to be submitted. For Industrial Users for which EPA or the authorized state, tribe, or territory is the Control Authority, as of December 21, 2020 all reports submitted in compliance with this section must be submitted electronically by the industrial user to the Control Authority or initial recipient, as defined in 40 CFR 127.2(b), in compliance with this section and 40 CFR part 3 (including, in all cases, subpart D to part 3), 40 CFR 122.22, and 40 CFR part 127. Part 127 is not intended to undo existing requirements for electronic reporting. Prior to this date, and independent of part 127, the Industrial Users for which EPA or the authorized state, tribe, or territory is the Control Authority may be required to report electronically if specified by a particular control mechanism or if required to do so by state law.
            (2) The Control Authority may authorize the Industrial User subject to a categorical Pretreatment Standard to forego sampling of a pollutant regulated by a categorical Pretreatment Standard if the Industrial User has demonstrated through sampling and other technical factors that the pollutant is neither present nor expected to be present in the Discharge, or is present only at background levels from intake water and without any increase in the pollutant due to activities of the Industrial User. This authorization is subject to the following conditions:
            (i) The Control Authority may authorize a waiver where a pollutant is determined to be present solely due to sanitary wastewater discharged from the facility provided that the sanitary wastewater is not regulated by an applicable categorical Standard and otherwise includes no process wastewater.
            (ii) The monitoring waiver is valid only for the duration of the effective period of the Permit or other equivalent individual control mechanism, but in no case longer than 5 years. The User must submit a new request for the waiver before the waiver can be granted for each subsequent control mechanism.
            (iii) In making a demonstration that a pollutant is not present, the Industrial User must provide data from at least one sampling of the facility's process wastewater prior to any treatment present at the facility that is representative of all wastewater from all processes.

            The request for a monitoring waiver must be signed in accordance with paragraph (l) of this section and include the certification statement in § 403.6(a)(2)(ii). Non-detectable sample results may only be used as a demonstration that a pollutant is not present if the EPA approved method from 40 CFR part 136 with the lowest minimum detection level for that pollutant was used in the analysis.
            (iv) Any grant of the monitoring wai