to the volume of precipitation that falls within the impoundment in excess of that attributable to the 25-year, 24-hour rainfall event, when such event occurs.
            
            
              § 415.26
              Pretreatment standards for new sources (PSNS).
              Except as provided in § 403.7, any new source subject to this subpart which introduces pollutants into a publicly owned treatment works must comply with 40 CFR part 403 and achieve the following pretreatment standards for new sources (PSNS): The limitations are the same as the new source performance standards specified in § 415.25.
            
          
          
            Subpart C—Calcium Carbide Production Subcategory
            
              § 415.30
              Applicability; description of the calcium carbide production subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges resulting from the production of calcium carbide in uncovered furnaces.
            
            
              
              § 415.31
              Specialized definitions. [Reserved]
            
            
              § 415.32
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.33
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best available technolgy economically achievable (BAT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best available technology economically achievable (BAT): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.34
              [Reserved]
            
            
              § 415.35
              New source performance standards (NSPS).
              Any new source subject to this subpart must achieve the following new source performance standards (NSPS): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.36
              Pretreatment standards for new sources (PSNS).
              Except as provided in § 403.7, any new source subject to this subpart which introduces pollutants into a publicly owned treatment works must comply with 40 CFR part 403 and achieve the following pretreatment standards for new sources (PSNS): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
          
          
            Subpart D—Calcium Chloride Production Subcategory
            
              § 415.40
              Applicability; description of the calcium chloride production subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges resulting from the prod