re stringent limitations than required by Federal law.
            (g) Application deadline. (1) Requests for a variance and supporting information must be submitted in writing to the Director or to the Administrator (or his delegate), as appropriate.

            (2) In order to be considered, a request for a variance must be submitted no later than 180 days after the date on which a categorical Pretreatment Standard is published in the Federal Register.
            
            (3) Where the User has requested a categorical determination pursuant to § 403.6(a), the User may elect to await the results of the category determination before submitting a variance request under this section. Where the User so elects, he or she must submit the variance request within 30 days after a final decision has been made on the categorical determination pursuant to § 403.6(a)(4).
            (h) Contents submission. Written submissions for variance requests, whether made to the Administrator (or his delegate) or the Director, must include:
            
            (1) The name and address of the person making the request;
            (2) Identification of the interest of the Requester which is affected by the categorical Pretreatment Standard for which the variance is requested;
            (3) Identification of the POTW currently receiving the waste from the Industrial User for which alternative discharge limits are requested;
            (4) Identification of the categorical Pretreatment Standards which are applicable to the Industrial User;
            (5) A list of each pollutant or pollutant parameter for which an alternative discharge limit is sought;
            (6) The alternative discharge limits proposed by the Requester for each pollutant or pollutant parameter identified in paragraph (h)(5) of this section;
            (7) A description of the Industrial User's existing water pollution control facilities;
            (8) A schematic flow representation of the Industrial User's water system including water supply, process wastewater systems, and points of Discharge; and
            (9) A Statement of facts clearly establishing why the variance request should be approved, including detailed support data, documentation, and evidence necessary to fully evaluate the merits of the request, e.g., technical and economic data collected by the EPA and used in developing each pollutant discharge limit in the Pretreatment Standard.
            (i) Deficient requests. The Administrator (or his delegate) or the Director will only act on written requests for variances that contain all of the information required. Persons who have made incomplete submissions will be notified by the Administrator (or his delegate) or the Director that their requests are deficient and unless the time period is extended, will be given up to thirty days to remedy the deficiency. If the deficiency is not corrected within the time period allowed by the Administrator (or his delegate) or the Director, the request for a variance shall be denied.
            (j) Public notice. Upon receipt of a complete request, the Administrator (or his delegate) or the Director will provide notice of receipt, opportunity to review the submission, and opportunity to comment.
            (1) The public notice shall be circulated in a manner designed to inform interested and potentially interested persons of the request. Procedures for the circulation of public notice shall include mailing notices