credits will not cause a violation of the POTW's permit limitations or conditions. Alternatively, the POTW can demonstrate to the Approval Authority that even though it is not presently in compliance with applicable limitations and conditions in its NPDES permit, it will be in compliance when the Industrial User(s) to whom the removal credit would apply is required to meet its categorical Pretreatment Standard(s), as modified by the removal credit provision.
            (4) Calculation of revised discharge limits. Revised discharge limits for a specific pollutant shall be derived by use of the following formula:
            
              EC15NO91.014
            
            
              where:
              
              x = pollutant discharge limit specified in the applicable categorical Pretreatment Standard

              r = removal credit for that pollutant as established under paragraph (b) of this section (percentage removal expressed as a proportion, i.e., a number between 0 and 1)
              y = revised discharge limit for the specified pollutant (expressed in same units as x)
            
            
            (b) Establishment of removal credits; demonstration of Consistent Removal—(1) Definition of Consistent Removal. “Consistent Removal” shall mean the average of the lowest 50 percent of the removal measured according to paragraph (b)(2) of this section. All sample data obtained for the measured pollutant during the time period prescribed in paragraph (b)(2) of this section must be reported and used in computing Consistent Removal. If a substance is measurable in the influent but not in the effluent, the effluent level may be assumed to be the limit of measurement, and those data may be used by the POTW at its discretion and subject to approval by the Approval Authority. If the substance is not measurable in the influent, the date may not be used. Where the number of samples with concentrations equal to or above the limit of measurement is between 8 and 12, the average of the lowest 6 removals shall be used. If there are less than 8 samples with concentrations equal to or above the limit of measurement, the Approval Authority may approve alternate means for demonstrating Consistent Removal. The term “measurement” refers to the ability of the analytical method or protocol to quantify as well as identify the presence of the substance in question.
            (2) Consistent Removal data. Influent and effluent operational data demonstrating Consistent Removal or other information, as provided for in paragraph (b)(1) of this section, which demonstrates Consistent Removal of the pollutants for which discharge limit revisions are proposed. This data shall meet the following requirements:
            (i) Representative data; seasonal. The data shall be representative of yearly and seasonal conditions to which the POTW is subjected for each pollutant for which a discharge limit revision is proposed.
            (ii) Representative data; quality and quantity. The data shall be representative of the quality and quantity of normal effluent and influent flow if such data can be obtained. If such data are unobtainable, alternate data or information may be presented for approval to demonstrate Consistent Removal as provided for in paragraph (b)(1) of this section.
            (iii) Sampling procedures: Composite. (A) The influent and effluent operational data shall be obtained through 24-hour flow-proportional composite sample