his section, and, if appropriate, paragraph (d) of this section.
            (g) Consistency with water quality management plans. (1) In order to be approved the POTW Pretreatment Program shall be consistent with any approved water quality management plan developed in accordance with 40 CFR parts 130, 131, as revised, where such 208 plan includes Management Agency designations and addresses pretreatment in a manner consistent with 40 CFR part 403. In order to assure such consistency the Approval Authority shall solicit the review and comment of the appropriate 208 Planning Agency during the public comment period provided for in § 403.11(b)(1)(ii) prior to approval or disapproval of the Program.

            (2) Where no 208 plan has been approved or where a plan has been approved but lacks Management Agency designations and/or does not address pretreatment in a manner consistent with this regulation, the Approval Authority shall nevertheless solicit the review and comment of the appropriate 208 planning agency.
            [53 FR 9439, Jan. 28, 1981, as amended at 53 FR 40612, Oct. 17, 1988; 58 FR 18017, Apr. 7, 1993]
          
          
            § 403.10
            Development and submission of NPDES State pretreatment programs.
            (a) Approval of State Programs. No State NPDES program shall be approved under section 402 of the Act after the effective date of these regulations unless it is determined to meet the requirements of paragraph (f) of this section. Notwithstanding any other provision of this regulation, a State will be required to act upon those authorities which it currently possesses before the approval of a State Pretreatment Program.
            (b) [Reserved]
            (c) Failure to request approval. Failure of an NPDES State with a permit program approved under section 402 of the Act prior to December 27, 1977, to seek approval of a State Pretreatment Program and failure of an approved State to administer its State Pretreatment Program in accordance with the requirements of this section constitutes grounds for withdrawal of NPDES program approval under section 402(c)(3) of the Act.
            (d) [Reserved]
            (e) State Program in lieu of POTW Program. Notwithstanding the provision of § 403.8(a), a State with an approved Pretreatment Program may assume responsibility for implementing the POTW Pretreatment Program requirements set forth in § 403.8(f) in lieu of requiring the POTW to develop a Pretreatment Program. However, this does not preclude POTW's from independently developing Pretreatment Programs.
            (f) State Pretreatment Program requirements. In order to be approved, a request for State Pretreatment Program Approval must demonstrate that the State Pretreatment Program has the following elements:
            (1) Legal authority. The Attorney General's Statement submitted in accordance with paragraph (g)(1)(i) of this section shall certify that the Director has authority under State law to operate and enforce the State Pretreatment Program to the extent required by this part and by 40 CFR 123.27. At a minimum, the Director shall have the authority to:
            (i) Incorporate POTW Pretreatment Program conditions into permits issued to POTW's; require compliance by POTW's with these incorporated permit conditions; and require compliance by Industrial Users with Pretreatment Standards;
            (ii) Ensure continuing compliance by POTW's with pretreatment conditions incorpo