ollowing legal authority and include the following procedures. These authorities and procedures shall at all times be fully and effectively exercised and implemented.
            (1) Legal authority. The POTW shall operate pursuant to legal authority enforceable in Federal, State or local courts, which authorizes or enables the POTW to apply and to enforce the requirements of sections 307 (b) and (c), and 402(b)(8) of the Act and any regulations implementing those sections. Such authority may be contained in a statute, ordinance, or series of contracts or joint powers agreements which the POTW is authorized to enact, enter into or implement, and which are authorized by State law. At a minimum, this legal authority shall enable the POTW to:
            (i) Deny or condition new or increased contributions of pollutants, or changes in the nature of pollutants, to the POTW by Industrial Users where such contributions do not meet applicable Pretreatment Standards and Requirements or where such contributions would cause the POTW to violate its NPDES permit;
            (ii) Require compliance with applicable Pretreatment Standards and Requirements by Industrial Users;
            (iii) Control through Permit, order, or similar means, the contribution to the POTW by each Industrial User to ensure compliance with applicable Pretreatment Standards and Requirements. In the case of Industrial Users identified as significant under § 403.3(v), this control shall be achieved through individual permits or equivalent individual control mechanisms issued to each such User except as follows.
            (A)(1) At the discretion of the POTW, this control may include use of general control mechanisms if the following conditions are met. All of the facilities to be covered must:
            (i) Involve the same or substantially similar types of operations;
            (ii) Discharge the same types of wastes;
            (iii) Require the same effluent limitations;
            (iv) Require the same or similar monitoring; and
            (v) In the opinion of the POTW, are more appropriately controlled under a general control mechanism than under individual control mechanisms.
            (2) To be covered by the general control mechanism, the Significant Industrial User must file a written request for coverage that identifies its contact information, production processes, the types of wastes generated, the location for monitoring all wastes covered by the general control mechanism, any requests in accordance with § 403.12(e)(2) for a monitoring waiver for a pollutant neither present nor expected to be present in the Discharge, and any other information the POTW deems appropriate. A monitoring waiver for a pollutant neither present nor expected to be present in the Discharge is not effective in the general control mechanism until after the POTW has provided written notice to the Significant Industrial User that such a waiver request has been granted in accordance with § 403.12(e)(2). The POTW must retain a copy of the general control mechanism, documentation to support the POTW's determination that a specific Significant Industrial User meets the criteria in paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(A)(1) through (5) of this section, and a copy of the User's written request for coverage for 3 years after the expiration of the general control mechanism. A POTW may not control a Significant Industrial User through a general control mechanism where the facility is subject to produ