cordance with § 403.5(c) and paragraph (d) of this section;
            (ii) The Industrial User has not been in significant noncompliance, as defined in § 403.8(f)(2)(viii), for any time in the past two years;
            (iii) The Industrial User does not have daily flow rates, production levels, or pollutant levels that vary so significantly that decreasing the reporting requirement for this Industrial User would result in data that are not representative of conditions occurring during the reporting period pursuant to paragraph (g)(3) of this section;
            (iv) The Industrial User must notify the Control Authority immediately of any changes at its facility causing it to no longer meet conditions of paragraphs (e)(3)(i) or (ii) of this section. Upon notification, the Industrial User must immediately begin complying with the minimum reporting in paragraph (e)(1) of this section; and
            (v) The Control Authority must retain documentation to support the Control Authority's determination that a specific Industrial User qualifies for reduced reporting requirements under paragraph (e)(3) of this section for a period of 3 years after the expiration of the term of the control mechanism.

            (4) For Industrial Users subject to equivalent mass or concentration limits established by the Control Authority in accordance with the procedures in § 403.6(c), the report required by paragraph (e)(1) shall contain a reasonable measure of the User's long term production rate. For all other Industrial Users subject to categorical Pretreatment Standards expressed only in terms of allowable pollutant discharge per unit of production (or other measure of operation), the report required by paragraph (e)(1) shall include the User's actual average production rate for the reporting period.
            (f) Notice of potential problems, including slug loading. All categorical and non-categorical Industrial Users shall notify the POTW immediately of all discharges that could cause problems to the POTW, including any slug loadings, as defined by § 403.5(b), by the Industrial User.
            (g) Monitoring and analysis to demonstrate continued compliance. (1) Except in the case of Non-Significant Categorical Users, the reports required in paragraphs (b), (d), (e), and (h) of this section shall contain the results of sampling and analysis of the Discharge, including the flow and the nature and concentration, or production and mass where requested by the Control Authority, of pollutants contained therein which are limited by the applicable Pretreatment Standards. This sampling and analysis may be performed by the Control Authority in lieu of the Industrial User. Where the POTW performs the required sampling and analysis in lieu of the Industrial User, the User will not be required to submit the compliance certification required under paragraphs (b)(6) and (d) of this section. In addition, where the POTW itself collects all the information required for the report, including flow data, the Industrial User will not be required to submit the report.
            (2) If sampling performed by an Industrial User indicates a violation, the User shall notify the Control Authority within 24 hours of becoming aware of the violation. The User shall also repeat the sampling and analysis and submit the results of the repeat analysis to the Control Authority within 30 days after becoming aware of the violation. Where the Control Authority has performed the sa