viously reported to the Approval Authority; and
            (5) Any other relevant information requested by the Approval Authority.
            (j) Notification of changed Discharge. All Industrial Users shall promptly notify the Control Authority (and the POTW if the POTW is not the Control Authority) in advance of any substantial change in the volume or character of pollutants in their Discharge, including the listed or characteristic hazardous wastes for which the Industrial User has submitted initial notification under paragraph (p) of this section.
            (k) Compliance schedule for POTW's. The following conditions and reporting requirements shall apply to the compliance schedule for development of an approvable POTW Pretreatment Program required by § 403.8.
            (1) The schedule shall contain increments of progress in the form of dates for the commencement and completion of major events leading to the development and implementation of a POTW Pretreatment Program (e.g., acquiring required authorities, developing funding mechanisms, acquiring equipment);
            (2) No increment referred to in paragraph (k)(1) of this section shall exceed nine months;
            (3) Not later than 14 days following each date in the schedule and the final date for compliance, the POTW shall submit a progress report to the Approval Authority including, as a minimum, whether or not it complied with the increment of progress to be met on such date and, if not, the date on which it expects to comply with this increment of progress, the reason for delay, and the steps taken by the POTW to return to the schedule established. In no event shall more than nine months elapse between such progress reports to the Approval Authority.
            (l) Signatory requirements for Industrial User reports. The reports required by paragraphs (b), (d), and (e) of this section shall include the certification statement as set forth in § 403.6(a)(2)(ii), and shall be signed as follows:

            (1) By a responsible corporate officer, if the Industrial User submitting the reports required by paragraphs (b), (d), and (e) of this section is a corporation. For the purpose of this paragraph, a responsible corporate officer means:
            (i) a president, secretary, treasurer, or vice-president of the corporation in charge of a principal business function, or any other person who performs similar policy- or decision-making functions for the corporation, or
            (ii) The manager of one or more manufacturing, production, or operating facilities, provided, the manager is authorized to make management decisions which govern the operation of the regulated facility including having the explicit or implicit duty of making major capital investment recommendations, and initiate and direct other comprehensive measures to assure long-term environmental compliance with environmental laws and regulations; can ensure that the necessary systems are established or actions taken to gather complete and accurate information for control mechanism requirements; and where authority to sign documents has been assigned or delegated to the manager in accordance with corporate procedures.
            (2) By a general partner or proprietor if the Industrial User submitting the reports required by paragraphs (b), (d), and (e) of this section is a partnership, or sole proprietorship respectively.
            (3) By a duly authorized representative of the individual designated