ucted at a site at which no other source is located; or
            (ii) The building, structure, facility or installation totally replaces the process or production equipment that causes the discharge of pollutants at an existing source; or
            (iii) The production or wastewater generating processes of the building, structure, facility or installation are substantially independent of an existing source at the same site. In determining whether these are substantially independent, factors such as the extent to which the new facility is integrated with the existing plant, and the extent to which the new facility is engaged in the same general type of activity as the existing source should be considered.
            (2) Construction on a site at which an existing source is located results in a modification rather than a New Source if the construction does not create a new building, structure, facility or installation meeting the criteria of paragraphs (m)(1)(ii) or (m)(1)(iii) of this section, but otherwise alters, replaces, or adds to existing process or production equipment.
            (3) Construction of a new source as defined under this paragraph has commenced if the owner or operator has:
            (i) Begun, or caused to begin as part of a continuous onsite construction program:
            (A) Any placement, assembly, or installation of facilities or equipment; or

            (B) Significant site preparation work including clearing, excavation, or removal of existing buildings, structures, or facilities which is necessary for the placement, assembly, or installation of new source facilities or equipment; or
            
            (ii) Entered into a binding contractual obligation for the purchase of facilities or equipment which are intended to be used in its operation within a reasonable time. Options to purchase or contracts which can be terminated or modified without substantial loss, and contracts for feasibility, engineering, and design studies do not constitute a contractual obligation under this paragraph.
            (n) The terms NPDES Permit or Permit means a permit issued to a POTW pursuant to section 402 of the Act.
            (o) The term NPDES State means a State (as defined in 40 CFR 122.2) or Interstate water pollution control agency with an NPDES permit program approved pursuant to section 402(b) of the Act.
            (p) The term Pass Through means a Discharge which exits the POTW into waters of the United States in quantities or concentrations which, alone or in conjunction with a discharge or discharges from other sources, is a cause of a violation of any requirement of the POTW's NPDES permit (including an increase in the magnitude or duration of a violation).
            (q) The term Publicly Owned Treatment Works or POTW means a treatment works as defined by section 212 of the Act, which is owned by a State or municipality (as defined by section 502(4) of the Act). This definition includes any devices and systems used in the storage, treatment, recycling and reclamation of municipal sewage or industrial wastes of a liquid nature. It also includes sewers, pipes and other conveyances only if they convey wastewater to a POTW Treatment Plant. The term also means the municipality as defined in section 502(4) of the Act, which has jurisdiction over the Indirect Discharges to and the discharges from such a treatment works.
            (r) The term POTW Treatment Plant means that portion of the POTW