or the determination.

            (ii) Where the request is submitted to the Director, the Director shall forward the determination described in this paragraph to the Water Management Division Director who may make a final determination. The Water Management Division Director may waive receipt of these determinations. If the Water Management Division Director does not modify the Director's decision within 60 days after receipt thereof, or if the Water Management Division Director waives receipt of the determination, the Director's decision is final.
            (iii) Where the request is submitted by the Industrial User or POTW to the Water Management Division Director or where the Water Management Division Director elects to modify the Director's decision, the Water Management Division Director's decision will be final.
            (iv) The Water Management Division Director or Director, as appropriate, shall send a copy of the determination to the affected Industrial User and the POTW. Where the final determination is made by the Water Management Division Director, he or she shall send a copy of the determination to the Director.
            (5) Requests for hearing and/or legal decision. Within 30 days following the date of receipt of notice of the final determination as provided for by paragraph (a)(4)(iv) of this section, the Requester may submit a petition to reconsider or contest the decision to the Regional Administrator who shall act on such petition expeditiously and state the reasons for his or her determination in writing.
            (b) Deadline for compliance with categorical standards. Compliance by existing sources with categorical Pretreatment Standards shall be within 3 years of the date the Standard is effective unless a shorter compliance time is specified in the appropriate subpart of 40 CFR chapter I, subchapter N. Direct dischargers with NPDES Permits modified or reissued to provide a variance pursuant to section 301(i)(2) of the Act shall be required to meet compliance dates set in any applicable categorical Pretreatment Standard. Existing sources which become Industrial Users subsequent to promulgation of an applicable categorical Pretreatment Standard shall be considered existing Industrial Users except where such sources meet the definition of a New Source as defined in § 403.3(m). New Sources shall install and have in operating condition, and shall “start-up” all pollution control equipment required to meet applicable Pretreatment Standards before beginning to Discharge. Within the shortest feasible time (not to exceed 90 days), New Sources must meet all applicable Pretreatment Standards.
            (c)(1) Concentration and mass limits. Pollutant discharge limits in categorical Pretreatment Standards will be expressed either as concentration or mass limits. Wherever possible, where concentration limits are specified in standards, equivalent mass limits will be provided so that local, State or Federal authorities responsible for enforcement may use either concentration or mass limits. Limits in categorical Pretreatment Standards shall apply to the effluent of the process regulated by the Standard, or as otherwise specified by the standard.
            (2) When the limits in a categorical Pretreatment Standard are expressed only in terms of mass of pollutant per unit of production, the Control Authority may convert the limits to equivalent limitations expressed either as mass of pollutant discharged per day