echnology currently available. The standards set for phosphorus trichloride manufacture and phosphorus oxychloride manufacture, accordingly, must differ from the rest of the subcategory at this level of treatment.
            
          
          
            Subpart C—Phosphate Subcategory
            
              § 422.30
              Applicability; description of the phosphate subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges of pollutants resulting from the manufacture of sodium tripolyphosphate, animal feed grade, calcium phosphate and human food grade calcium phosphate from phosphoric acid. The production of human food grade calcium phosphate creates waste water pollutants not completely amenable to the procedures utilized for best practicable control technology currently available. The standards set for human food grade calcium phosphates accordingly must differ from the rest of the subcategory at this level of treatment.
            
          
          
            Subpart D—Defluorinated Phosphate Rock Subcategory
            
              Source:
              41 FR 25975, June 23, 1976, unless otherwise noted.
            
            
              § 422.40
              Applicability; description of the defluorinated phosphate rock subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges resulting from the defluorination of phosphate rock by application of high temperature treatment along with wet process phosphoric acid, silica and other reagents.
            
            
              § 422.41
              Specialized definitions.
              For the purpose of this subpart:
              (a) Except as provided below, the general definitions, abbreviations, and methods of analysis set forth in 40 CFR part 401 shall apply to this subpart.
              (b) The term process waste water means any water which, during manufacturing or processing, comes into direct contact with or results from the production or use of any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product, or waste product. The term “process waste water” does not include contaminated nonprocess waste water, as defined below.
              (c) The term contaminated non-process waste water shall mean any water including precipitation runoff, which during manufacturing or processing, comes into incidental contact with any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product or waste product by means of: (1) Precipitation runoff, (2) accidental spills, (3) accidental leaks caused by the failure of process equipment and which are repaired or the discharge of pollutants therefrom contained or terminated within the shortest reasonable time which shall not exceed 24 hours after discovery or when discovery should reasonably have been made, whichever is earliest, and (4) discharges from safety showers and related personal safety equipment, and from equipment washings for the purpose of safe entry, inspection and maintenance; Provided, That all reasonable measures have been taken to prevent, reduce, eliminate and control to the maximum extent feasible such contact and provided further that all reasonable measures have been taken that will mitigate the effects of such contact once it has occurred.
              (d) The term ten-year 24-hour rainfall event shall mean the maximum precipitation event with a probable recurrence interval of once in 10 years as defined by the