green onion tops, chives, leeks, whole, diced, and any other piece size ranging from sliced to powder.
              (i) The term dry beans shall mean the production of canned pinto, kidney, navy, great northern, red, pink or related type, with and without formulated sauces, meats and gravies.
              (j) The term lima beans shall mean the processing of lima beans into the following product styles: Canned and frozen, green and white, all varieties and sizes.
              (k) The term mushrooms shall mean the processing of mushrooms into the following product styles: Canned, frozen, dehydrated, all varieties, shapes and sizes.
              (l) The term canned onions shall mean the processing of onions into the following product styles: Canned, frozen, and fried (canned), peeled, whole, sliced, and any other piece size but not including frozen, battered onion rings or dehydrated onions.
              (m) The term peas shall mean the processing of peas into the following product styles: Canned and frozen, all varieties and sizes, whole.
              (n) The term squash shall include the processing of pumpkin and squash into canned and frozen styles.
              (o) The term sauerkraut cutting shall mean the trimming, cutting, and subsequent preparatory handling of cabbage necessary for and including brining and fermentation, and subsequent tank soaking.
              (p) The term sauerkraut canning shall mean the draining and subsequent filling and canning of fermented cabbage and juice.
              (q) The term snap beans shall mean the processing of snap beans into the following product styles: Canned and frozen green, Italian, wax, string, bush, and other related varieties, whole, French, fancy, Extra Standard, Standard, and other cuts.
              (r) The term spinach shall mean the processing of spinach and leafy greens into the following product styles: Canned or frozen, whole leaf, chopped, and other related cuts.
              (s) The term potatoes shall mean the processing of sweet potatoes into the following product styles: Canned, peeled, solid, syrup, and vacuum packed. The following white potato product styles are also included: Canned, peeled, white, all varieties, whole and sliced.
              (t) The term medium shall mean a point source that processes a total annual raw material production of fruits, vegetables, specialties and other products that is between 1,816 kkg (2,000 tons) per year and 9,080 kkg (10,000 tons) per year.
              (u) The term large shall mean a point source that processes a total annual raw material production of fruits, vegetables, specialties and other products that exceeds 9,080 kkg (10,000 tons) per year.
              (v) The term annual average shall mean the maximum allowable discharge of BOD5 or TSS as calculated by multiplying the total mass (kkg or 1000 lb) of each raw commodity processed for the entire processing season or calendar year by the applicable annual average limitation.
              (w) The terms maximum for any one day and average of daily values for thirty consecutive days shall be based on the daily average mass of raw material processed during the peak thirty consecutive day production period.
            
            
              § 407.72
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available.
              Except as prov