for the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              [51 FR 24997, July 9, 1986]
            
          
          
            Subpart G—Canned and Preserved Vegetables Subcategory
            
              Source:
              41 FR 16281, Apr. 16, 1976, unless otherwise noted.
            
            
              § 407.70
              Applicability; description of the canned and preserved vegetables subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges resulting from the processing of the following vegetable products: Beets; broccoli; carrots; canned and frozen corn; dehydrated onions and garlic; dehydrated vegetables; dry beans; lima beans; mushrooms; canned onions; peas; sauerkraut canning and cutting; snap beans; spinach; squash; and canned potatoes. When a plant is subject to effluent limitations covering more than one commodity or subcategory, the plant discharge limitations shall be set by proration of limitations for each subcategory or commodity based on the total production covered by each commodity or subcategory.
            
            
              § 407.71
              Specialized definitions.
              For the purpose of this subpart:
              (a) Except as provided below, the general definitions, abbreviations and methods of analysis set forth in 40 CFR part 401 shall apply to this subpart.
              (b) The term beets shall include the processing of beets into the following product styles: Canned and peeled, whole, sliced, diced, French style, sections, irregular, and other cuts but not dehydrated beets.
              (c) The term broccoli shall include the processing of broccoli into the following product styles: Frozen, chopped, spears, and miscellaneous cuts.
              (d) The term carrots shall include the processing of carrots into the following product styles: Canned and frozen, peeled, whole, sliced, diced, nuggets, crinkle cut, julienne, shoestrings, chunks, chips and other irregular cuts, and juices but not dehydrated carrots.
              (e) The term corn, canned shall mean the processing of corn into the following product styles: Canned, yellow and white, whole kernel, cream style, and on-the-cob.
              (f) The term corn, frozen shall mean the processing of corn into the following product styles: Frozen, yellow and white, whole kernel and whole cob.
              (g) The term dehydrated onions and garlic shall mean the processing of dehydrated onions and garlic into the following product styles: Air, vacuum, and freeze dried, all varieties, diced, strips, and other piece sizes ranging from large sliced to powder but not including green onions, chives, or leeks.
              (h) The term dehydrated vegetables shall mean the processing of dehydrated vegetables in the following product styles: Air, vacuum and freeze dried, blanched and unblanched, peeled and unpeeled, beets, bell peppers, cabbage, carrots, celery, chili pepper, horseradish, turnips, parsnips, parsley, asparagus, tomatoes, green beans, corn, spinach, green onion tops, chives, leeks, whole, diced, and any other piece size ranging from sliced to powder.
              (i) The term dry beans shall mean the production of canned pinto, kidney, navy, great northern, red, pink or related type, with and without formulated sauces, meats and gravies.
              (j) The term lima beans shall mean the processing of lima beans into the following product