ot strawberries or cranberries.
              (d) The term cherries, sweet shall include the processing of all sweet varieties of cherries into the following products styles: Frozen and canned, pitted and unpitted, whole, halves, juice and concentrate.
              (e) The term cherries, sour shall include the processing of all sour varieties of cherries into the following products styles: Frozen and canned, pitted and unpitted, whole, halves, juice and concentrate.
              (f) The term cherries, brined shall include the processing of all varieties of cherries into the following brined product styles: Canned, bottled and bulk, sweet and sour, pitted and unpitted, bleached, sweetened, colored and flavored, whole, halved and chopped.
              (g) The term cranberries shall mean the processing of cranberries into the following product styles: Canned, bottled, and frozen, whole, sauce, jelly, juice and concentrate.
              (h) The term dried fruit shall mean the processing of various fruits into the following products styles: Air, vacuum, and freeze dried, pitted and unpitted, blanched and unblanched, whole, halves, slices and other similar styles of apples, apricots, figs, peaches, pears, prunes, canned extracted prune juice and pulp from rehydrated and cooked dehydrated prunes; but not including dates or raisins.
              (i) The term grape juice canning shall mean the processing of grape juice into the following products and product styles: Canned and frozen, fresh and stored, natural grape juice for the manufacture of juices, drinks, concentrates, jams, jellies, and other related finished products but not wine or other spirits. In terms of raw material processed 1000 kg (1000 lb) of grapes are equivalent to 834 liters (100 gallons) of grape juice.
              (j) The term grape pressing shall mean the washing and subsequent handling including pressing, heating, and filtration of natural juice from all varieties of grapes for the purpose of manufacturing juice, drink, concentrate, and jelly but not wine or other spirits. In terms of raw material processed 1000 kg (1000 lb) of grapes are equivalent to 834 liters (100 gallons) of grape juice.
              (k) The term olives shall mean the processing of olives into the following product styles: Canned, all varieties, fresh and stored, green ripe, black ripe, spanish, sicilian, and any other styles to which spices, acids, and flavorings may have been added.
              (l) The term peaches shall mean the processing of peaches into the following product styles: Canned or frozen, all varieties, peeled, pitted and unpitted, whole, halves, sliced, diced, and any other cuts, nectar, and concentrate but not dehydrated.
              (m) The term pears shall mean the processing of pears into the following product styles: Canned, peeled, halved, sliced, diced, and any other cuts, nectar and concentrate but not dehydrated.
              (n) The term pickles, fresh shall mean the processing of fresh cucumbers and other vegetables, all varieties, all sizes from whole to relish, all styles, cured after packing.
              (o) The term pickles processed shall mean the processing of pickles, cucumbers and other vegetables, all varieties, sizes and types, made after fermentation and storage.
              (p) The term pickles, salt stations shall mean the handling and subsequent preserving of cucumbers and other vegetables at salting stations or tankyards, by salt and other