ecified in the categorical Pretreatment Standard(s). The POTW may grant a removal credit equal to or, at its discretion, less than its consistent removal rate. Upon being granted a removal credit, each affected Industrial User shall calculate its revised discharge limits in accordance with paragraph (a)(4) of this section. Removal credits may only be given for indicator or surrogate pollutants regulated in a categorical Pretreatment Standard if the categorical Pretreatment Standard so specifies.
            (3) Conditions for authorization to give removal credits. A POTW is authorized to give removal credits only if the following conditions are met:
            (i) Application. The POTW applies for, and receives, authorization from the Approval Authority to give a removal credit in accordance with the requirements and procedures specified in paragraph (e) of this section.
            
            (ii) Consistent removal determination. The POTW demonstrates and continues to achieve consistent removal of the pollutant in accordance with paragraph (b) of this section.
            (iii) POTW local pretreatment program. The POTW has an approved pretreatment program in accordance with and to the extent required by part 403; provided, however, a POTW which does not have an approved pretreatment program may, pending approval of such a program, conditionally give credits as provided in paragraph (d) of this section.
            (iv) Sludge requirements. The granting of removal credits will not cause the POTW to violate the local, State and Federal Sludge Requirements which apply to the sludge management method chosen by the POTW. Alternatively, the POTW can demonstrate to the Approval Authority that even though it is not presently in compliance with applicable Sludge Requirements, it will be in compliance when the Industrial User(s) to whom the removal credit would apply is required to meet its categorical Pretreatment Standard(s) as modified by the removal credit. If granting removal credits forces a POTW to incur greater sludge management costs than would be incurred in the absence of granting removal credits, the additional sludge management costs will not be eligible for EPA grant assistance. Removal credits may be made available for the following pollutants.
            (A) For any pollutant listed in appendix G section I of this part for the use or disposal practice employed by the POTW, when the requirements in 40 CFR part 503 for that practice are met.
            (B) For any pollutant listed in appendix G section II of this part for the use or disposal practice employed by the POTW when the concentration for a pollutant listed in appendix G section II of this part in the sewage sludge that is used or disposed does not exceed the concentration for the pollutant in appendix G section II of this part.
            (C) For any pollutant in sewage sludge when the POTW disposes all of its sewage sludge in a municipal solid waste landfill unit that meets the criteria in 40 CFR part 258.
            (v) NPDES permit limitations. The granting of removal credits will not cause a violation of the POTW's permit limitations or conditions. Alternatively, the POTW can demonstrate to the Approval Authority that even though it is not presently in compliance with applicable limitations and conditions in its NPDES permit, it will be in compliance when the Industrial User(s) to whom the removal credit would apply is required to meet its categorical Pretreat