to implement National Pretreatment Standards to control pollutants which pass through or interfere with treatment processes in Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTWs) or which may contaminate sewage sludge.
            (b) This regulation applies:
            (1) To pollutants from non-domestic sources covered by Pretreatment Standards which are indirectly discharged into or transported by truck or rail or otherwise introduced into POTWs as defined below in § 403.3;
            (2) To POTWs which receive wastewater from sources subject to National Pretreatment Standards;
            (3) To States which have or are applying for National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) programs approved in accordance with section 402 of the Act; and
            (4) To any new or existing source subject to Pretreatment Standards. National Pretreatment Standards do not apply to sources which Discharge to a sewer which is not connected to a POTW Treatment Plant.
            [46 FR 9439, Jan. 28, 1981, as amended at 48 FR 2776, Jan. 21, 1983; 60 FR 33932, June 29, 1995]
          
          
            § 403.2
            Objectives of general pretreatment regulations.
            By establishing the responsibilities of government and industry to implement National Pretreatment Standards this regulation fulfills three objectives:
            (a) To prevent the introduction of pollutants into POTWs which will interfere with the operation of a POTW, including interference with its use or disposal of municipal sludge;
            (b) To prevent the introduction of pollutants into POTWs which will pass through the treatment works or otherwise be incompatible with such works; and
            (c) To improve opportunities to recycle and reclaim municipal and industrial wastewaters and sludges.
          
          
            § 403.3
            Definitions.
            For the purposes of this part:
            (a) Except as discussed below, the general definitions, abbreviations, and methods of analysis set forth in 40 CFR part 401 shall apply to this regulation.
            (b) The term Act means Federal Water Pollution Control Act, also known as the Clean Water Act, as amended, 33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq.
            
            (c) The term Approval Authority means the Director in an NPDES State with an approved State pretreatment program and the appropriate Regional Administrator in a non-NPDES State or NPDES State without an approved State pretreatment program.
            (d) The term Approved POTW Pretreatment Program or Program or POTW Pretreatment Program means a program administered by a POTW that meets the criteria established in this regulation (§§ 403.8 and 403.9) and which has been approved by a Regional Administrator or State Director in accordance with § 403.11 of this regulation.
            (e) The term Best Management Practices or BMPs means schedules of activities, prohibitions of practices, maintenance procedures, and other management practices to implement the prohibitions listed in § 403.5(a)(1) and (b). BMPs also include treatment requirements, operating procedures, and practices to control plant site runoff, spillage or leaks, sludge or waste disposal, or drainage from raw materials storage.
            (f) The term Control Authority refers to:

            (1) The POTW if the POTW's Pretreatment Program Submission has been approved in accordance with the requirements of § 403.11; or
            
            (2) The Approval A