al safety equipment, and from equipment washings for the purpose of safe entry, inspection and maintenance; provided that all reasonable measures have been taken to prevent, reduce, eliminate and control to the maximum extent feasible such contact and provided further that all reasonable measures have been taken that will mitigate the effects of such contact once it has occurred.
              (d) The term ten-year 24-hour rainfall event shall mean the maximum 24-hour precipitation event with a probable recurrence interval of once in 10 years as defined by the National Weather Service in technical paper No. 40, “Rainfall Frequency Atlas of the United States”, May 1961, and subsequent amendments in effect as of the effective date of this regulation.
              (e) The term 25-year 24-hour rainfall event shall mean the maximum 24-hour precipitation event with a probable recurrence interval of once in 25 years as defined by the National Weather Service in technical paper No. 40, “Rainfall Frequency Atlas of the United States”, May 1961, and subsequent amendments in effect, as of the effective date of this regulation.
              (f) The term calcium sulfate storage pile runoff shall mean the calcium sulfate transport water runoff from or through the calcium sulfate pile, and the precipitation which falls directly on the storage pile and which may be collected in a seepage ditch at the base of the outer slopes of the storage pile, provided such seepage ditch is protected from the incursion of surface runoff from areas outside of the outer perimeter of the seepage ditch.
              [39 FR 12836, Apr. 8, 1974, as amended at 41 FR 20583, May 19, 1976]
            
            
              § 418.12
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available.

              Except as provided in §§ 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart shall achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT):
              (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section, the following limitations establish the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties, controlled by this section, which may be discharged by a point source subject to the provisions of this subpart after application of the best practicable control technology currently available: There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
              (b) Process wastewater pollutants from a calcium sulfate storage pile runoff facility operated separately or in combination with a water recirculation system designed, constructed and operated to maintain a surge capacity equal to the runoff from the 10-year, 24-hour rainfall event may be discharged, after treatment to the standards set forth in paragraph (c) of this section, whenever chronic or catastrophic precipitation events cause the water level to rise into the surge capacity. Process wastewater must be treated and discharged whenever the water level equals or exceeds the mid point of the surge capacity.
              (c) The concentration of pollutants discharged in process wastewater pursuant to the limitations of paragraph (b) shall not exceed the values listed in the following ta