oap and Detergent Manufacturing (40 CFR part 417)
            Soap Manufacture by Batch Kettle
            Fatty Acid Manufacture by Fat Splitting
            Soap Manufacture by Fatty Acid
             Neutralization
            Glycerine Concentration
            Glycerine Distillation
            Manufacture of Soap Flakes and Powders
            Manufacture of Bar Soaps
            Manufacture of Liquid Soaps
            Manufacture of Spray Dried Detergents
            Manufacture of Liquid Detergents
            Manufacture of Dry Blended Detergents
            Manufacture of Drum Dried Detergents
            Manufacture of Detergent Bars and Cakes
            
              Textile Mills (40 CFR part 410)
            Apparel manufacturing
            Cordage and Twine
            Padding and Upholstery Filling
            
              Timber Products Processing (40 CFR part 429)
            Barking Process
            Finishing Processes
            Hardboard—Dry Process
            [51 FR 36372, Oct. 9, 1986]
          
          
            Pt. 403, App. E
            Appendix E to Part 403—Sampling Procedures
            I. Composite Method
            A. It is recommended that influent and effluent operational data be obtained through 24-hour flow proportional composite samples. Sampling may be done manually or automatically, and discretely or continuously. If discrete sampling is employed, at least 12 aliquots should be composited. Discrete sampling may be flow proportioned either by varying the time interval between each aliquot or the volume of each aliquot. All composites should be flow proportional to either the stream flow at the time of collection of the influent aliquot or to the total influent flow since the previous influent aliquot. Volatile pollutant aliquots must be combined in the laboratory immediately before analysis.
            B. Effluent sample collection need not be delayed to compensate for hydraulic detention unless the POTW elects to include detention time compensation or unless the Approval Authority requires detention time compensation. The Approval Authority may require that each effluent sample is taken approximately one detention time later than the corresponding influent sample when failure to do so would result in an unrepresentative portrayal of actual POTW operation. The detention period should be based on a 24-hour average daily flow value. The average daily flow should in turn be based on the average of the daily flows during the same month of the previous year.
            II. Grab Method

            If composite sampling is not an appropriate technique, grab samples should be taken to obtain influent and effluent operational data. A grab sample is an individual sample collected over a period of time not exceeding 15 minutes. The collection of influent grab samples should precede the collection of effluent samples by approximately one detention period except that where the detention period is greater than 24 hours such staggering of the sample collection may not be necessary or appropriate. The detention period should be based on a 24-hour average daily flow value. The average daily flow should in turn be based upon the average of the daily flows during the same month of the previous year. Grab sampling should be employed where the pollutants being evaluated are those, such as cyanide and phenol, which may not be held for an extended period because of biological, chemical or physical in