graphs (d), (e), (g), and (h) of this section.
              (d) The term flat mill means those steel hot forming operations that reduce heated slabs to plates, strip and sheet, or skelp.
              (e) The term pipe and tube mill means those steel hot forming operations that produce butt welded or seamless tubular steel products.
              (f) The term scarfing means those steel surface conditioning operations in which flames generated by the combustion of oxygen and fuel are used to remove surface metal imperfections from slabs, billets, or blooms.
              (g) The term plate mill means those steel hot forming operations that produce flat hot-rolled products which are (1) between 8 and 48 inches wide and over 0.23 inches thick; or (2) greater than 48 inches wide and over 0.18 inches thick.
              (h) The term hot strip and sheet mill means those steel hot forming operations that produce flat hot-rolled products other than plates.
              (i) The term specialty steel means those steel products containing alloying elements which are added to enhance the properties of the steel product when individual alloying elements (e.g., aluminum, chromium, cobalt, columbium, molybdenum, nickel, titanium, tungsten, vanadium, zirconium) exceed 3% or the total of all alloying elements exceed 5%.
              (j) The term carbon steel means those steel products other than specialty steel products.
              (k) The term carbon hot forming operation (or “carbon”) means those hot forming operations which produce a majority, on a tonnage basis, of carbon steel products.
              (l) The term specialty hot forming operation (or “specialty”) applies to all hot forming operations other than “carbon hot forming operations.”
            
            
              § 420.72
              Effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).

              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available.
              
              (a) Primary mills, carbon and specialty—(1) Without scarfing.
              
              
                Subpart G
                
                  Pollutant or pollutant property
                  BPT effluent limitations
                  Maximum for any 1 day
                  Average of daily values for 30 consecutive days
                
                
                  
                  Kg/kkg (pounds per 1,000 lb) of product
                
                
                  TSS
                  0.150
                  0.0561
                
                
                  O&G
                  0.0374
                  
                
                
                  pH
                  (1)
                  (1)
                
                
                  1 Within the range of 6.0 to 9.0.
              
              (2) With scarfing.
              
              
                Subpart G
                
                  Pollutant or pollutant property
                  BPT effluent limitations
                  Maximum for any 1 day
                  Average of daily values for 30 consecutive days