cialized definitions. [Reserved]
            
            
              § 415.112
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.113
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best available technology economically achievable (BAT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best available technology economically achievable (BAT): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.114
              [Reserved]
            
            
              § 415.115
              New source performance standards (NSPS).
              Any new source subject to this subpart must achieve the following new source performance standards (NSPS): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.116
              Pretreatment standards for new sources (PSNS).
              Except as provided in § 403.7, any new source subject to this subpart which introduces pollutants into a publicly owned treatment works must comply with 40 CFR part 403 and achieve the following pretreatment standards for new sources (PSNS): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
          
          
            Subpart L—Potassium Dichromate Production Subcategory
            
              § 415.120
              Applicability; description of the potassium dichromate production subcategory.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges and to the introduction of pollutants resulting from the production of potassium dichromate into treatment works which are publicly owned.
            
            
              
              § 415.121
              Specialized definitions. [Reserved]
            
            
              § 415.122
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT): There shall be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants to navigable waters.
            
            
              § 415.123
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best av