en established by the National Climatic Center).
              [39 FR 12825, Apr. 8, 1974, as amended at 50 FR 38342, Sept. 20, 1985]
            
            
              § 421.13
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best available technology economically achievable.
              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart shall achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best available technology economically achievable:
              (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this section, the following limitations establish the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties which may be discharged by a point source subject to the provisions of this subpart after application of the best available technology economically achievable: There shall be no discharge of process waste water pollutants to navigable waters.
              (b) During any calendar month there may be discharged from the overflow of a process waste water impoundment either a volume of process waste water equal to the difference between the precipitation for that month that falls within the impoundment and the evaporation within the impoundment for that month, or, if greater, a volume of process waste water equal to the difference between the mean precipitation for that month that falls within the impoundment and the mean evaporation for that month as established by the National Climatic Center, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, for the area in which such impoundment is located (or as otherwise determined if no monthly data have been established by the National Climatic Center).
              [39 FR 12825, Apr. 8, 1974, as amended at 50 FR 38342, Sept. 20, 1985]
            
            
              § 421.14
              [Reserved]
            
            
              § 421.15
              Standards of performance for new sources.
              (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this section, the following standards of performance establish the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties which may be discharged by a new source subject to the provisions of this subpart: There shall be no discharge of process waste water pollutants to navigable waters.
              (b) During any calendar month there may be discharged from the overflow of a process waste water impoundment either a volume of process waste water equal to the difference between the precipitation for that month that falls within the impoundment and the evaporation within the impoundment for that month, or, if greater, a volume of process waste water equal to the difference between the mean precipitation for that month that falls within the impoundment and the mean evaporation for that month as established by the National Climatic Center, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, for the area in which such impoundment is located (or as otherwise determined if no monthly data have been established by the National Climatic Center).
              [39 FR 12825, Apr. 8, 1974]
            
            
              § 421.16
              Pretreatment standards for new sources.
              Any new sources subject to this subpart which introduces pollutants into a publicly owned treatment works must comply