at discharge points designated by the POTW.
            (c) When specific limits must be developed by POTW. (1) Each POTW developing a POTW Pretreatment Program pursuant to § 403.8 shall develop and enforce specific limits to implement the prohibitions listed in paragraphs (a)(1) and (b) of this section. Each POTW with an approved pretreatment program shall continue to develop these limits as necessary and effectively enforce such limits.
            (2) All other POTW's shall, in cases where pollutants contributed by User(s) result in Interference or Pass-Through, and such violation is likely to recur, develop and enforce specific effluent limits for Industrial User(s), and all other users, as appropriate, which, together with appropriate changes in the POTW Treatment Plant's facilities or operation, are necessary to ensure renewed and continued compliance with the POTW's NPDES permit or sludge use or disposal practices.
            (3) Specific effluent limits shall not be developed and enforced without individual notice to persons or groups who have requested such notice and an opportunity to respond.
            (4) POTWs may develop Best Management Practices (BMPs) to implement paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) of this section. Such BMPs shall be considered local limits and Pretreatment Standards for the purposes of this part and section 307(d) of the Act.
            (d) Local limits. Where specific prohibitions or limits on pollutants or pollutant parameters are developed by a POTW in accordance with paragraph (c) above, such limits shall be deemed Pretreatment Standards for the purposes of section 307(d) of the Act.
            (e) EPA enforcement actions under section 309(f) of the Clean Water Act.

            If, within 30 days after notice of an Interference or Pass Through violation has been sent by EPA to the POTW, and to persons or groups who have requested such notice, the POTW fails to commence appropriate enforcement action to correct the violation, EPA may take appropriate enforcement action under the authority provided in section 309(f) of the Clean Water Act.
            [46 FR 9439, Jan. 28, 1981, as amended at 51 FR 20430, June 4, 1986; 52 FR 1600, Jan. 14, 1987; 55 FR 30129, July 24, 1990; 60 FR 33932, June 29, 1995; 70 FR 60192, Oct. 14, 2005]
          
          
            § 403.6
            National pretreatment standards: Categorical standards.
            National pretreatment standards specifying quantities or concentrations of pollutants or pollutant properties which may be discharged to a POTW by existing or new industrial users in specific industrial subcategories will be established as separate regulations under the appropriate subpart of 40 CFR chapter I, subchapter N. These standards, unless specifically noted otherwise, shall be in addition to all applicable pretreatment standards and requirements set forth in this part.
            (a) Category determination request—(1) Application deadline. Within 60 days after the effective date of a Pretreatment Standard for a subcategory under which an Industrial User may be included, the Industrial User or POTW may request that the Water Management Division Director or Director, as appropriate, provide written certification on whether the Industrial User falls within that particular subcategory. If an existing Industrial User adds or changes a process or operation which may be included in a subcategory, the existing Industrial User must request this certificati