ssociated with any of the coating operations specified above.
            
          
          
            Subpart M—Other Operations Subcategory
            
              Source:
              67 FR 64268, Oct. 17, 2002, unless otherwise noted.
            
            
              § 420.130
              Applicability.
              The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges to waters of the U.S. and the introduction of pollutants into publicly owned treatment works resulting from production of direct-reduced iron and from briquetting and forging operations.
            
            
              § 420.131
              Specialized definitions.
              As used in this subpart:
              (a) The term briquetting operations means a hot or cold process that agglomerates (presses together) iron-bearing materials into small lumps without melting or fusion. Used as a concentrated iron ore substitute for scrap in electric furnaces.
              (b) The term direct-reduced iron (DRI) means iron produced by reduction of iron ore (pellets or briquettes) using gaseous (carbon monoxide-carbon dioxide, hydrogen) or solid reactants.
              (c) The term forging means the hot-working of heated steel shapes (e.g., ingots, blooms, billets, slabs) by hammering or hydraulic presses, performed at iron and steel mills.
              (d) For briquetting operations, the term product means the amount in tons of briquettes manufactured by hot or cold agglomeration processes.
              (e) For direct reduced iron (DRI), the term product means the amount of direct reduced iron and any fines that are produced and sold commercially (as opposed to fines that may be reprocessed on site).
              (f) For forging, the term product means the tons of finished steel forgings produced by hot working steel shapes.
              (g) The term O&G (as HEM) means total recoverable oil & grease measured as n-hexane extractable materials.
            
            
              § 420.132
              Effluent limitations attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).

              Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve, for each applicable segment, the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT):
              (a) Direct-reduced iron.
              
              
                Subpart M—Effluent Limitations (BPT)
                
                  Pollutant
                  Maximum daily 1
                  
                  Maximum monthly avg. 1
                  
                
                
                  TSS
                  0.00998
                  0.00465
                
                
                  pH
                  (2)
                  (2)
                
                
                  1 Pounds per thousand pound of product.
                
                  2 Within the range of 6.0 to 9.0.
              
              (b) Forging operations.
              
              
                Subpart M—Effluent Limitations (BPT)
                
                  Pollutant
                  Maximum daily 1
                  
                  Maximum monthly avg. 1