material.
              (g) The term ethnic foods shall mean the production of canned and frozen Chinese and Mexican specialties utilizing fresh and pre-processed bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, celery, cactus, tomatoes, and other similar vegetables necessary for the production of the various characteristic product styles.
              (h) The term jams and jellies shall include the production of jams, jellies and preserves defined as follows: The combination of fruit and fruit concentrate, sugar, pectin, and other additives in an acidic medium resulting in a gelatinized and thickened finished product.
              (i) The term mayonnaise and salad dressings shall be defined as the emulsified and non-emulsified semisolid food prepared from the combining of edible vegetable oil with acidifying, and egg yolk containing ingredients, or gum and starch combinations to which certain colorings, spices, and flavorings have been added.
              (j) The term soups shall mean the combination of various fresh and pre-processed meats, fish, dairy products, eggs, flours, starches, vegetables, spices, and other similar raw ingredients into a variety of finished mixes and styles but not including dehydrated soups.
              
              (k) The term tomato-starch-cheese canned specialties shall mean canned specialties resulting from a combination of fresh and pre-processed tomatoes, starches, cheeses, spices, and other flavorings necessary to produce a variety of products similar to but not exclusively raviolis, spaghetti, tamales, and enchiladas.
              (l) The term medium shall mean a point source that processes a total annual raw material production of fruits, vegetables, specialties and other products that is between 1,816 kkg (2,000 tons) per year and 9,080 kkg (10,000 tons) per year.
              (m) The term large shall mean a point source that processes a total annual raw material production of fruits, vegetables, specialties and other products that exceeds 9,080 kkg (10,000 tons) per year.
              (n) The term annual average shall mean the maximum allowable discharge of BOD5 or TSS, as calculated by multiplying the total mass (kkg or 1000 lb) of each final product produced for the entire processing season or calendar year by the applicable annual average limitation.
              (o) The terms maximum for any one day and average of daily values for thirty consecutive days shall be based on the daily average mass of final product produced during the peak thirty consecutive day production period.
            
            
              § 407.82
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available.
              Except as provided in §§ 125.30 through 125.32, any existing point source subject to this subpart shall achieve the following effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT):

              (a) The following limitations establish the quantity of BOD5 controlled by this section, which may be discharged by a “medium” or “large” existing point source subject to the provisions of this subpart after application of the best practicable control technology currently available. Any food specialty plant which continuously or intermittently discharges process was