rity, if possible at least ten days before the date of the bypass.
            (2) An Industrial User shall submit oral notice of an unanticipated bypass that exceeds applicable Pretreatment Standards to the Control Authority within 24 hours from the time the Industrial User becomes aware of the bypass. A written submission shall also be provided within 5 days of the time the Industrial User becomes aware of the bypass. The written submission shall contain a description of the bypass and its cause; the duration of the bypass, including exact dates and times, and, if the bypass has not been corrected, the anticipated time it is expected to continue; and steps taken or planned to reduce, eliminate, and prevent reoccurrence of the bypass. The Control Authority may waive the written report on a case-by-case basis if the oral report has been received within 24 hours.
            (d) Prohibition of bypass. (1) Bypass is prohibited, and the Control Authority may take enforcement action against an Industrial User for a bypass, unless;
            (i) Bypass was unavoidable to prevent loss of life, personal injury, or severe property damage;
            (ii) There were no feasible alternatives to the bypass, such as the use of auxiliary treatment facilities, retention of untreated wastes, or maintenance during normal periods of equipment downtime. This condition is not satisfied if adequate back-up equipment should have been installed in the exercise of reasonable engineering judgment to prevent a bypass which occurred during normal periods of equipment downtime or preventative maintenance; and
            (iii) The Industrial User submitted notices as required under paragraph (c) of this section.
            (2) The Control Authority may approve an anticipated bypass, after considering its adverse effects, if the Control Authority determines that it will meet the three conditions listed in paragraph (d)(1) of this section.
            [53 FR 40615, Oct. 17, 1988, as amended at 58 FR 18017, Apr. 7, 1993]
          
          
            § 403.18
            Modification of POTW pretreatment programs.
            (a) General. Either the Approval Authority or a POTW with an approved POTW Pretreatment Program may initiate program modification at any time to reflect changing conditions at the POTW. Program modification is necessary whenever there is a significant change in the operation of a POTW Pretreatment Program that differs from the information in the POTW's submission, as approved under § 403.11.
            (b) Substantial modifications defined. Substantial modifications include:

            (1) Modifications that relax POTW legal authorities (as described in § 403.8(f)(1)), except for modifications that directly reflect a revision to this part 403 or to 40 CFR chapter I, subchapter N, and are reported pursuant to paragraph (d) of this section;
            
            (2) Modifications that relax local limits, except for the modifications to local limits for pH and reallocations of the Maximum Allowable Industrial Loading of a pollutant that do not increase the total industrial loadings for the pollutant, which are reported pursuant to paragraph (d) of this section. Maximum Allowable Industrial Loading means the total mass of a pollutant that all Industrial Users of a POTW (or a subgroup of Industrial Users identified by the POTW) may discharge pursuant to limits developed under § 403.5(c);
            (3) Changes to the POTW's control me