Kg/kkg (pounds per 1,000 lb) of product
                
                
                  TSS
                  0.102
                  0.0438
                
                
                  O&G
                  0.0438
                  0.0146
                
                
                  pH
                  (1)
                  (1)
                
                
                  1 Within the range of 6.0 to 9.0.
              
            
          
          
            Subpart L—Hot Coating Subcategory
            
              § 420.120
              Applicability; description of the hot coating subcategory.
              (a) The provisions of this subpart are applicable to discharges and to the introduction of pollutants into publicly owned treatment works resulting from the operations in which steel is coated with zinc, terne metal, or other metals by the hot dip process, and those rinsing operations associated with that process.

              (b) The BPT and BAT limitations for zinc set out below are not applicable to hot coating operations with wastewater treatment facilities achieving, during periods of normal production, zinc discharge levels more stringent than those BPT and BAT limitations. For such operations, the BPT and BAT limitations for zinc shall be determined on a case-by-case basis based upon the existing performance of the wastewater treatment facility. The permitting authority shall evaluate representative effluent data from the wastewater treatment facility during periods of normal production in establishing the case-by-case BPT and BAT limitations. The BPT and BAT limitations specified in 40 CFR 420.122 and 420.123 may be used as the basis for calculating total mass limitations for zinc pursuant to 40 CFR 420.03.
              [47 FR 23284, May 27, 1982, as amended at 49 FR 21036, May 17, 1984]
            
            
              § 420.121
              Specialized definitions.
              (a) The term galvanizing means coating steel products with zinc by the hot dip process including the immersion of the steel product in a molten bath of zinc metal, and the related operations preceding and subsequent to the immersion phase.
              (b) The term terne coating means coating steel products with terne metal by the hot dip process including the immersion of the steel product in a molten bath of lead and tin metals, and the related operations preceding and subsequent to the immersion phase.
              (c) The term other coatings means coating steel products with metals other than zinc or terne metal by the hot dip process including the immersion of the steel product in a molten bath of metal, and the related operations preceding the subsequent to the immersion phase.
              (d) The term fume scrubber means wet air pollution control devices used to remove and clean fumes originating from hot coating operations.
              (e) The term strip, sheet, and miscellaneous products means steel products other than wire products and fasteners.
              (f) The term wire products and fasteners means steel wire, products manufactured from steel wire, and steel fasteners manufactured from steel wire or other steel shapes.
            
            
              § 420.122
              Effluent limitations representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              Excep