responsibilities delineated, and their procedures for coordination set forth; and
            (4) A description of the funding levels and full- and part-time manpower available to implement the Program;
            (c) Conditional POTW program approval. The POTW may request conditional approval of the Pretreatment Program pending the acquisition of funding and personnel for certain elements of the Program. The request for conditional approval must meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (b) of this section except that the requirements of paragraph (b) of this section, may be relaxed if the Submission demonstrates that:
            (1) A limited aspect of the Program does not need to be implemented immediately;
            (2) The POTW had adequate legal authority and procedures to carry out those aspects of the Program which will not be implemented immediately; and
            (3) Funding and personnel for the Program aspects to be implemented at a later date will be available when needed. The POTW will describe in the Submission the mechanism by which this funding will be acquired. Upon receipt of a request for conditional approval, the Approval Authority will establish a fixed date for the acquisition of the needed funding and personnel. If funding is not acquired by this date, the conditional approval of the POTW Pretreatment Program and any removal allowances granted to the POTW, may be modified or withdrawn.
            (d) Content of removal allowance submission. The request for authority to revise categorical Pretreatment Standards must contain the information required in § 403.7(d).
            (e) Approval authority action. Any POTW requesting POTW Pretreatment Program approval shall submit to the Approval Authority three copies of the Submission described in paragraph (b), and if appropriate, (d) of this section. Within 60 days after receiving the Submission, the Approval Authority shall make a preliminary determination of whether the Submission meets the requirements of paragraph (b) and, if appropriate, (d) of this section. If the Approval Authority makes the preliminary determination that the Submission meets these requirements, the Approval Authority shall:
            (1) Notify the POTW that the Submission has been received and is under review; and
            (2) Commence the public notice and evaluation activities set forth in § 403.11.
            (f) Notification where submission is defective. If, after review of the Submission as provided for in paragraph (e) of this section, the Approval Authority determines that the Submission does not comply with the requirements of paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, and, if appropriate, paragraph (d), of this section, the Approval Authority shall provide notice in writing to the applying POTW and each person who has requested individual notice. This notification shall identify any defects in the Submission and advise the POTW and each person who has requested individual notice of the means by which the POTW can comply with the applicable requirements of paragraphs (b), (c) of this section, and, if appropriate, paragraph (d) of this section.
            (g) Consistency with water quality management plans. (1) In order to be approved the POTW Pretreatment Program shall be consistent with any approved water quality management plan developed in accordance with 40 CFR parts 130, 131, as revised, where such 208 plan includes Management Agency designations and addresses pretre