of pollutant(s) means: (1) The addition of any pollutant to navigable waters from any point source and (2) any addition of any pollutant to the waters of the contiguous zone or the ocean from any point source, other than from a vessel or other floating craft. The term “discharge” includes either the discharge of a single pollutant or the discharge of multiple pollutants.
            (i) The term effluent limitation means any restriction established by the Administrator on quantities, rates, and concentrations of chemical, physical, biological and other constituents which are discharged from point sources, other than new sources, into navigable waters, the waters of the contiguous zone or the ocean.
            (j) The term effluent limitations guidelines means any effluent limitations guidelines issued by the Administrator pursuant to section 304(b) of the Act.
            (k) The term standard of performance means any restriction established by the Administrator pursuant to section 306 of the Act on quantities, rates, and concentrations of chemical, physical, biological, and other constituents which are or may be discharged from new sources into navigable waters, the waters of the contiguous zone or the ocean.
            (l) Navigable waters means “waters of the United States, including the territorial seas,” as defined in § 120.2 of this chapter.
            (m) The terms state water pollution control agency, interstate agency, State, municipality, person, territorial seas, contiguous zone, biological monitoring, schedule of compliance, and industrial user shall be defined in accordance with section 502 of the Act unless the context otherwise requires.
            (n) The term noncontract cooling water means water used for cooling which does not come into direct contact with any raw material, intermediate product, waste product or finished product.
            (o) The term noncontact cooling water pollutants means pollutants present in noncontact cooling waters.
            (p) The term blowdown means the minimum discharge of recirculating water for the purpose of discharging materials contained in the water, the further buildup of which would cause concentration in amounts exceeding limits established by best engineering practice.
            (q) The term process waste water means any water which, during manufacturing or processing, comes into direct contact with or results from the production or use of any raw material, intermediate product, finished product, by-product, or waste product.
            (r) The term process waste water pollutants means pollutants present in process waste water.
            (s) The following abbreviations shall have the following meanings:
            (1) BOD5 means five-day biochemical oxygen demand;
            (2) COD means chemical oxygen demand;
            (3) TOC means total organic carbon;
            (4) TDS means total dissolved solids;
            (5) TSS means total suspended non-filterable solids;
            (6) kw means kilowatt(s);
            (7) kwh means kilowatt hour(s);
            (8) Mw means megawatt(s);
            (9) Mwh means megawatt hour(s);
            (10) hp means horsepower;
            (11) mm means millimeter(s);
            (12) cm means centimeter;
            (13) m means meter(s);
            (14) in. means inch;
            (15) ft means foot (feet);
            (16) l means liter(s);
            (17) cu m means cubic meter(s);
            (18) k cu m means 1000