styles, cured after packing.
              (o) The term pickles processed shall mean the processing of pickles, cucumbers and other vegetables, all varieties, sizes and types, made after fermentation and storage.
              (p) The term pickles, salt stations shall mean the handling and subsequent preserving of cucumbers and other vegetables at salting stations or tankyards, by salt and other chemical additions necessary to achieve proper fermentation for the packing of processed pickle products. Limitations include allowances for the discharge of spent brine, tank wash, tank soak, and cucumber wash waters. At locations where both salt station and process pack operations (§ 407.61(o)) occur, additive allowances shall be made for both of these sources in formulation of effluent limitations. The effluent limitations are to be calculated based upon the total annual weight (1000 lb, kkg) of raw product processed at each of the salt station and process pack operations. Allowances for contaminated stormwater runoff should be considered in NPDES permit formulation on a case-by-case basis.
              (q) The term pineapples shall mean the processing of pineapple into the following product styles: Canned, peeled, sliced, chunk, tidbit, diced, crushed, and any other related piece size, juice and concentrate. It also specifically includes the on-site production of by-products such as alcohol, sugar or animal feed.
              (r) The term plums shall mean the processing of plums into the following product styles: Canned and frozen, pitted and unpitted, peeled and unpeeled, blanched and unblanched, whole, halved, and other piece size.
              (s) The term raisins shall mean the production of raisins from the following products: Dried grapes, all varieties, bleached and unbleached, which have been cleaned and washed prior to packaging.
              (t) The term strawberries shall mean the processing of strawberries into the following product styles: Canned and frozen, whole, sliced, and pureed.
              (u) The term tomatoes shall mean the processing of tomatoes into canned, peeled, whole, stewed, and related piece sizes; and processing of tomatoes into the following products and product styles: Canned, peeled and unpeeled paste, concentrate, puree, sauce, juice, catsup and other similar formulated items requiring various other pre-processed food ingredients.
              (v) The term medium shall mean a point source that processes a total annual raw material production of fruits, vegetables, specialties and other products that is between 1,816 kkg (2,000 tons) per year and 9,080 kkg (10,000 tons) per year.
              (w) The term large shall mean a point source that processes a total annual raw material production of fruits, vegetables, specialties and other products that exceeds 9,080 kkg (10,000 tons) per year.
              (x) The term annual average shall mean the maximum allowable discharge of BOD5 or TSS as calculated by multiplying the total mass (kkg or 1000 lb) of each raw commodity processed for the entire processing season or calendar year by the applicable annual average limitation.
              (y) The terms maximum for any one day and average of daily values for thirty consecutive days shall be based on the daily average mass of material processed during the peak thirty consecutive day production period.
              [41 FR 16277, Apr. 16, 1976, as amended at 44 FR 22464, Apr. 16, 1979]