, which may not be held for any extended period because of biological, chemical or physical interactions which take place after sample collection and affect the results. A grab sample is an individual sample collected over a period of time not exceeding 15 minutes.
            (v) Analytical methods. The sampling referred to in paragraphs (b)(2) (i) through (iv) of this section and an analysis of these samples shall be performed in accordance with the techniques prescribed in 40 CFR part 136 and amendments thereto. Where 40 CFR part 136 does not contain sampling or analytical techniques for the pollutant in question, or where the Administrator determines that the part 136 sampling and analytical techniques are inappropriate for the pollutant in question, sampling and analysis shall be performed using validated analytical methods or any other applicable sampling and analytical procedures, including procedures suggested by the POTW or other parties, approved by the Administrator.
            (vi) Calculation of removal. All data acquired under the provisions of this section must be submitted to the Approval Authority. Removal for a specific pollutant shall be determined either, for each sample, by measuring the difference between the concentrations of the pollutant in the influent and effluent of the POTW and expressing the difference as a percent of the influent concentration, or, where such data cannot be obtained, Removal may be demonstrated using other data or procedures subject to concurrence by the Approval Authority as provided for in paragraph (b)(1) of this section.
            (c) Provisional credits. For pollutants which are not being discharged currently (i.e., new or modified facilities, or production changes) the POTW may apply for authorization to give removal credits prior to the initial discharge of the pollutant. Consistent removal shall be based provisionally on data from treatability studies or demonstrated removal at other treatment facilities where the quality and quantity of influent are similar. Within 18 months after the commencement of discharge of pollutants in question, consistent removal must be demonstrated pursuant to the requirements of paragraph (b) of this section. If, within 18 months after the commencement of the discharge of the pollutant in question, the POTW cannot demonstrate consistent removal pursuant to the requirements of paragraph (b) of this section, the authority to grant provisional removal credits shall be terminated by the Approval Authority and all Industrial Users to whom the revised discharge limits had been applied shall achieve compliance with the applicable categorical Pretreatment Standard(s) within a reasonable time, not to exceed the period of time prescribed in the applicable categorical Pretreatment Standard(s), as may be specified by the Approval Authority.
            (d) Exception to POTW Pretreatment Program Requirement. A POTW required to develop a local pretreatment program by § 403.8 may conditionally give removal credits pending approval of such a program in accordance with the following terms and conditions:
            (1) All Industrial Users who are currently subject to a categorical Pretreatment Standard and who wish conditionally to receive a removal credit must submit to the POTW the information required in § 403.12(b)(1) through (7) (except new or modified industrial users must only submit the information required by § 403.12(b)(1) through (6)), pertaining to the