eductions equivalent or better than the reductions that would be achieved by the 100-foot setback.
          
          
            Subpart A—Horses and Sheep
            
              § 412.10
              Applicability.
              This subpart applies to discharges resulting from the production areas at horse and sheep CAFOs. This subpart does not apply to such CAFOs with less than the following capacities: 10,000 sheep or 500 horses.
            
            
              § 412.11
              [Reserved]
            
            
              § 412.12
              Effluent limitations attainable by the application of the best practicable control technology currently available (BPT).
              (a) Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32, and subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this section, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the application of BPT: There shall be no discharge of process waste water pollutants to navigable waters.
              (b) Process waste pollutants in the overflow may be discharged to navigable waters whenever rainfall events, either chronic or catastrophic, cause an overflow of process waste water from a facility designed, constructed and operated to contain all process generated waste waters plus the runoff from a 10-year, 24-hour rainfall event for the location of the point source.
            
            
              § 412.13
              Effluent limitations attainable by the application of the best available technology economically achievable (BAT).
              (a) Except as provided in 40 CFR 125.30 through 125.32 and when the provisions of paragraph (b) of this section apply, any existing point source subject to this subpart must achieve the following effluent limitations representing the application of BAT: There shall be no discharge of process waste water pollutants into U.S. waters.
              (b) Whenever rainfall events cause an overflow of process wastewater from a facility designed, constructed, operated, and maintained to contain all process-generated wastewaters plus the runoff from a 25-year, 24-hour rainfall event at the location of the point source, any process wastewater pollutants in the overflow may be discharged into U.S. waters.
            
            
              § 412.14
              [Reserved]
            
            
              § 412.15
              New source performance standards (NSPS).
              (a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, any new source subject to this subpart must achieve the following performance standards: There must be no discharge of process wastewater pollutants into U.S. waters.
              (b) Whenever rainfall events cause an overflow of process wastewater from a facility designed, constructed, operated, and maintained to contain all process-generated wastewaters plus the runoff from a 25-year, 24-hour rainfall event at the location of the point source, any process wastewater pollutants in the overflow may be discharged into U.S. waters.
            
          
          
            Subpart B—Ducks
            
              § 412.20
              Applicability.
              This subpart applies to discharges resulting from the production areas at dry lot and wet lot duck CAFOs. This subpart does not apply to such CAFOs with less than the following capacities: 5,000 ducks.