in a prudent and workman-like manner and in compliance with applicable operation and maintenance procedures;
            (3) The Industrial User has submitted the following information to the POTW and Control Authority within 24 hours of becoming aware of the Upset (if this information is provided orally, a written submission must be provided within five days):
            (i) A description of the Indirect Discharge and cause of noncompliance;
            (ii) The period of noncompliance, including exact dates and times or, if not corrected, the anticipated time the noncompliance is expected to continue;
            (iii) Steps being taken and/or planned to reduce, eliminate and prevent recurrence of the noncompliance.
            (d) Burden of proof. In any enforcement proceeding the Industrial User seeking to establish the occurrence of an Upset shall have the burden of proof.
            (e) Reviewability of agency consideration of claims of upset. In the usual exercise of prosecutorial discretion, Agency enforcement personnel should review any claims that non-compliance was caused by an Upset. No determinations made in the course of the review constitute final Agency action subject to judicial review. Industrial Users will have the opportunity for a judicial determination on any claim of Upset only in an enforcement action brought for noncompliance with categorical Pretreatment Standards.
            (f) User responsibility in case of upset. The Industrial User shall control production or all Discharges to the extent necessary to maintain compliance with categorical Pretreatment Standards upon reduction, loss, or failure of its treatment facility until the facility is restored or an alternative method of treatment is provided. This requirement applies in the situation where, among other things, the primary source of power of the treatment facility is reduced, lost or fails.
            [46 FR 9439, Jan. 28, 1981, as amended at 53 FR 40615, Oct. 17, 1988]
          
          
            § 403.17
            Bypass.
            (a) Definitions. (1) Bypass means the intentional diversion of wastestreams from any portion of an Industrial User's treatment facility.
            (2) Severe property damage means substantial physical damage to property, damage to the treatment facilities which causes them to become inoperable, or substantial and permanent loss of natural resources which can reasonably be expected to occur in the absence of a bypass. Severe property damage does not mean economic loss caused by delays in production.
            (b) Bypass not violating applicable Pretreatment Standards or Requirements. An Industrial User may allow any bypass to occur which does not cause Pretreatment Standards or Requirements to be violated, but only if it also is for essential maintenance to assure efficient operation. These bypasses are not subject to the provision of paragraphs (c) and (d) of this section.
            (c) Notice. (1) If an Industrial User knows in advance of the need for a bypass, it shall submit prior notice to the Control Authority, if possible at least ten days before the date of the bypass.
            (2) An Industrial User shall submit oral notice of an unanticipated bypass that exceeds applicable Pretreatment Standards to the Control Authority within 24 hours from the time the Industrial User becomes aware of the bypass. A written submission shall also be provided within 5 days of the time the Industrial User becom