he applicable subparts of 40 CFR parts 414, 419, and 455 and document that dilution is not being substituted for treatment as prohibited by paragraph (d) of this section.
            (7) Equivalent limitations calculated in accordance with paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4), (c)(5) and (c)(6) of this section are deemed Pretreatment Standards for the purposes of section 307(d) of the Act and this part. The Control Authority must document how the equivalent limits were derived and make this information publicly available. Once incorporated into its control mechanism, the Industrial User must comply with the equivalent limitations in lieu of the promulgated categorical standards from which the equivalent limitations were derived.
            (8) Many categorical Pretreatment Standards specify one limit for calculating maximum daily discharge limitations and a second limit for calculating maximum monthly average, or 4-day average, limitations. Where such Standards are being applied, the same production or flow figure shall be used in calculating both the average and the maximum equivalent limitation.
            (9) Any Industrial User operating under a control mechanism incorporating equivalent mass or concentration limits calculated from a production based standard shall notify the Control Authority within two (2) business days after the User has a reasonable basis to know that the production level will significantly change within the next calendar month. Any User not notifying the Control Authority of such anticipated change will be required to meet the mass or concentration limits in its control mechanism that were based on the original estimate of the long term average production rate.
            (d) Dilution prohibited as substitute for treatment. Except where expressly authorized to do so by an applicable Pretreatment Standard or Requirement, no Industrial User shall ever increase the use of process water, or in any other way attempt to dilute a Discharge as a partial or complete substitute for adequate treatment to achieve compliance with a Pretreatment Standard or Requirement. The Control Authority may impose mass limitations on Industrial Users which are using dilution to meet applicable Pretreatment Standards or Requirements, or in other cases where the imposition of mass limitations is appropriate.
            (e) Combined wastestream formula. Where process effluent is mixed prior to treatment with wastewaters other than those generated by the regulated process, fixed alternative discharge limits may be derived by the Control Authority or by the Industrial User with the written concurrence of the Control Authority. These alternative limits shall be applied to the mixed effluent. When deriving alternative categorical limits, the Control Authority or Industrial User shall calculate both an alternative daily maximum value using the daily maximum value(s) specified in the appropriate categorical Pretreatment Standard(s) and an alternative consecutive sampling day average value using the monthly average value(s) specified in the appropriate categorical Pretreatment Standard(s). The Industrial User shall comply with the alternative daily maximum and monthly average limits fixed by the Control Authority until the Control Authority modifies the limits or approves an Industrial User modification request. Modification is authorized whenever there is a material or significant change in the values used in the calculation to fix alternative limits f