t of a complete request, the Administrator (or his delegate) or the Director will provide notice of receipt, opportunity to review the submission, and opportunity to comment.
            (1) The public notice shall be circulated in a manner designed to inform interested and potentially interested persons of the request. Procedures for the circulation of public notice shall include mailing notices to:
            (i) The POTW into which the Industrial User requesting the variance discharges;
            (ii) Adjoining States whose waters may be affected; and
            (iii) Designated 208 planning agencies, Federal and State fish, shellfish and wildlife resource agencies; and to any other person or group who has requested individual notice, including those on appropriate mailing lists.
            (2) The public notice shall provide for a period not less than 30 days following the date of the public notice during which time interested persons may review the request and submit their written views on the request.
            (3) Following the comment period, the Administrator (or his delegate) or the Director will make a determination on the request taking into consideration any comments received. Notice of this final decision shall be provided to the requester (and the Industrial User for which the variance is requested if different), the POTW into which the Industrial User discharges and all persons who submitted comments on the request.
            (k) Review of requests by state. (1) Where the Director finds that fundamentally different factors do not exist, he may deny the request and notify the requester (and Industrial User where they are not the same) and the POTW of the denial.
            (2) Where the Director finds that fundamentally different factors do exist, he shall forward the request, with a recommendation that the request be approved, to the Administrator (or his delegate).
            (l) Review of requests by EPA. (1) Where the Administrator (or his delegate) finds that fundamentally different factors do not exist, he shall deny the request for a variance and send a copy of his determination to the Director, to the POTW, and to the requester (and to the Industrial User, where they are not the same).
            
            (2) Where the Administrator (or his delegate) finds that fundamentally different factors do exist, and that a partial or full variance is justified, he will approve the variance. In approving the variance, the Administrator (or his delegate) will:
            (i) Prepare recommended alternative discharge limits for the Industrial User either more or less stringent than those prescribed by the applicable categorical Pretreatment Standard to the extent warranted by the demonstrated fundamentally different factors;
            (ii) Provide the following information in his written determination:
            (A) The recommended alternative discharge limits for the Industrial User concerned;
            (B) The rationale for the adjustment of the Pretreatment Standard (including the reasons for recommending that the variance be granted) and an explanation of how the recommended alternative discharge limits were derived;
            (C) The supporting evidence submitted to the Administrator (or his delegate); and
            (D) Other information considered by the Administrator (or his delegate) in developing the recommended alternative discharge limits;
            (iii) Notify the Director and the POTW