introduces process wastewater pollutants into a publicly owned treatment works must comply with 40 CFR part 403. In addition, the provisions set forth in paragraph (a) of this section apply, as well as the following pretreatment standard which establishes the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties controlled by this section which may be discharged to publicly owned treatment works by a new source subject to the provisions of this subpart.
              
                
                  Pollutant or pollutant property
                  Pretreatment standard
                
                
                  pH
                  No limitation.
                
                
                  BOD5
                  
                    Do.
                
                
                  TSS
                    Do.
                
              

              (a) Process waste water shall not be discharged to a POTW at a flow rate or pollutant mass loading rate which is excessive over any time period during the peak load at a POTW. Excessive discharges are defined as those in which the flow of BOD5 or total suspended solids (TSS) exceed the respective values of P from the following formula:
              
              P = K(Q + R)−S
              
              
                where:
                

                P = maximum allowable peak waste load for the new corn wet milling source to be discharged to the POTW (gallons per one hour for flow and pounds per day for BOD5 and TSS).
                Q = average existing waste load to POTW.
                R = average waste load for the new corn wet milling source to be discharged to POTW.
                S = existing peak load of POTW.
                K = 2. When the ratio of (S/Q) is greater than 1.5, K = 3.
              
              
              Calculations are to be based on dry weather conditions.
              [40 FR 52016, Nov. 7, 1975, as amended at 60 FR 33936, June 29, 1995]
            
            
              § 406.17
              Effluent limitations guidelines representing the degree of effluent reduction attainable by the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology.
              The following limitations establish the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties, controlled by this section, which may be discharged by a point source subject to the provisions of this subpart after application of the best conventional pollutant control technology.
              (a) Subject to the provisions in paragraph (b) of this section, the following limitations establish the quantity or quality of pollutants or pollutant properties, controlled by this section, which may be discharged by a point source subject to the provisions of this subpart after application of the best available technology economically achievable:
              
                
                  Effluent characteristic
                  Effluent limitations
                  Maximum for any 1 day
                  Average of daily values for 30 consecutive days shall not exceed—
                
                
                  
                  Metric units (kilograms per 1,000 kg of corn)
                
                
                  BOD5
                  
                  1.08
                  0.36
                
                
                  TSS
                  1.62
                  .54