l not result in a non-water quality environmental impact (including energy requirements) fundamentally more adverse than the impact considered during development of the Pretreatment Standards; and
            (iv) Compliance with the Standards (either by using the technologies upon which the Standards are based or by using other control alternatives) would result in either:
            (A) A removal cost (adjusted for inflation) wholly out of proportion to the removal cost considered during development of the Standards; or
            (B) A non-water quality environmental impact (including energy requirements) fundamentally more adverse than the impact considered during development of the Standards.
            (3) Criteria applicable to more stringent limits. A variance request for the establishment of limits more stringent than required by the Standards shall be approved only if:
            (i) The alternative limit request is no more stringent than justified by the fundamental difference; and
            (ii) Compliance with the alternative limit would not result in either:
            (A) A removal cost (adjusted for inflation) wholly out of proportion to the removal cost considered during development of the Standards; or
            (B) A non-water quality environmental impact (including energy requirements) fundamentally more adverse than the impact considered during development of the Standards.
            (d) Factors considered fundamentally different. Factors which may be considered fundamentally different are:
            (1) The nature or quality of pollutants contained in the raw waste load of the User's process wastewater:
            (2) The volume of the User's process wastewater and effluent discharged;
            (3) Non-water quality environmental impact of control and treatment of the User's raw waste load;
            (4) Energy requirements of the application of control and treatment technology;
            (5) Age, size, land availability, and configuration as they relate to the User's equipment or facilities; processes employed; process changes; and engineering aspects of the application of control technology;
            (6) Cost of compliance with required control technology.
            (e) Factors which will not be considered fundamentally different. A variance request or portion of such a request under this section may not be granted on any of the following grounds:
            (1) The feasibility of installing the required waste treatment equipment within the time the Act allows;
            (2) The assertion that the Standards cannot be achieved with the appropriate waste treatment facilities installed, if such assertion is not based on factors listed in paragraph (d) of this section;
            (3) The User's ability to pay for the required waste treatment; or
            (4) The impact of a Discharge on the quality of the POTW's receiving waters.
            (f) State or local law. Nothing in this section shall be construed to impair the right of any state or locality under section 510 of the Act to impose more stringent limitations than required by Federal law.
            (g) Application deadline. (1) Requests for a variance and supporting information must be submitted in writing to the Director or to the Administrator (or his delegate), as appropriate.

            (2) In order to be considered, a request for a variance must be submitted no later than 180 days after the date on which a categorical